Flannery O'Connor 's novel Wise Blood captures the struggle both for and against faith . Its protagonist , Hazel Motes , epitomizes this struggle when he sets up The Church Without Christ while pursuing a seemingly blinded preacher and his daughter . As this happens , he meets Enoch Emery , whose faith is driven primarily through intuition and his `` wise blood . '' Hazel Motes 's views change throughout the story . When he sets up his church ( that consists of him ) , it is almost as if he is preaching athiesm in order to attract the attention of the preacher . At least , this is the appearance of his preaching when he begins . Still , as he preaches , it changes , showing his continual belief in a god . He preaches that `` What you need is something to take the place of Jesus , something that would speak plain . The Church Without Christ do n't have a Jesus but it needs one ! It needs a new jesus ! It needs one that 's all man , without blood to waste , and it needs one that do n't look like any other man so you 'll look at him . '' As the story progresses , however , even this belief becomes disillusioned . The incident of the police officer pushing his car over the embankment and commenting that `` Them that do n't have a car do n't need a license '' serves both as a microcosm and as a turning point in this story . Before this , he proposed to have a church with no faith , and after this , he has faith , but no church . The evidence of his faith is far more subtle than it was before . Earlier in the story , he remarks that he is `` clean '' because Jesus never existed , and that if Jesus had existed , he would not be clean . Near the end of the story , he mentions that he keeps rocks in his shoes and wears barbed wire to get clean . Furthermore , his act of self imposed blindness serves as a parallel with the preacher who lost faith and ended up not blinding himself . He then remarks that `` if there 's no bottom in your eyes , they hold more . '' It is almost as if at the end of the story , he becomes the prophet that he was striving to be throughout the story , only he no longer has the will to preach . There 's so much more about this story that I could talk about , such as his rejection of Enoch Emery 's replacement Jesus ( the mumified man from the zoo ) and Hazel Mote 's faith in his broken down car . I could talk about how Enoch changes , or how Hazel interacts with Lily Sabbath . I could talk about Mrs Flood , Hazel 's land lady . I could talk about when Enoch steals the gorilla suit . Still , I have to leave soon , so I probably wo n't delve into these things . This story was amazing and well written , and I would like to discuss it with someone . 