I love The Phantom of the Opera . I do . I 've listened to the sound track since I was six or so . My dad used to tell me the story when we were in the car . I loved the music , and when my mom took me to see the musical ... well , it was amazing . Then I read the book , and that was amazing too . Then I saw the musical again . Yeah , I 'm listening to `` Down Once More '' right now ( the last scene , which is fantastic and amazing and I lack enough adjectives to describe it ) The story always appealed to me . The phantom is a repulsive character , especially in the book . He is hideous , both in body and in personality . The personality part is skimmed over in the musical , but he was basically a psycopathic murderer . His only redemption was that he loved music ... and Christine . In a love that verged on stalkeresque , he loved Chrisitine , and he built up her voice and essentially coerced the opera house into letting her sing . THEN , he discovers that she had fallen in love with her childhood friend , Raoul , and he kidnaps Christine . He gives her a choice : marry him , or he 'll blow up the opera house with everyone in it ( yeah , this is very stalkerish and it sounds worse than I thought ) . Then , Raoul shows up and a lot of stuff happens , and Erik ( the phantom ) lets Christine and Raoul go ... I always thought that the Phantom should have killed Raoul . Ok , yes , I was a strange child , but I have always sympathized primarily with Erik . I always though that Christine was mean , and that Raoul was a prick . ( especially in the musical ... the book was different ) . I always thought it was unfair that in the end , Erik sat alone and dying in the Opera House basement , singing to himself . The thing was , he did all the crazy and scary stuff because he really did love Christine . At the end of the book , when he 's talking to the Persian and saying how he 's ready to die , I cried . You see , in the book , he lets Christine and Raoul go after she kisses his forehead and promises that she 'll really marry him ( and not kill herself ) if he 'll let Raoul go . It seems to me that in a way , everyone is kind of like Erik . I mean , a lot of his problems stemmed from how convinced he was that he could n't be accepted . This made him afraid of really talking to Christine ( I mean , who ever falls for the `` Angel of Music '' ) . He was capable of cruelty and terribleness and beauty . He did have beauty . His opera ( at least in the book ) was supposed to be fantastic , but was lost when the the basement of the opera house flooded . And he was willing to give up everything for Christine . Well , its obvious that I 'm biased . If I were Christine , I would have married the Phantom . Anyways , I 'll just go off humming `` Music of the Night '' and be done with it . 