This is a question whose answer we will never discover . I have n't been posting the past few days because I find it too much fun to stare at computer screens without producing anything productive . On a more serious note , here is what I 've really been doing . I went shopping with my aunt the other day . I love my aunt . She 's a really nice and interesting person , and I 've always been friends with her . We like talking , and we rarely get together . Still , I HATE shopping . That is the biggest understatement ever . She likes shopping , so we go shopping , and I try to act happy . This is made about ten thousand billion times more problematic because I do n't like dresses and I do n't like skirts . Hell , I do n't even like fitted T-shirts . I suppose I should be grateful because I wo n't have to go shopping for the next year and a half ( fancy clothing lasts me a really long time but my parents eventually force me to go ) . Still , I ca n't help but feel guilty . She 's spending money on me , and I 'm not grateful enough . The thing is that I do n't wear anything remarkable . I 've lived in jeans and boy t-shirts ( and shorts when the weather forces me ) for two years , and I 've no intention to change that right now . Fitted clothing ( and sometimes bright colors ) make me feel as if I 'm exposed . I envy guys baggy pants . This may stem from a subconcious feeling of inferiority when it comes to appearance , but I doubt it . I feel fine about my appearance most of the time . More likely , it is intertwined with my wanting to hide and avoid being noticed . This is ironic because I can be so loud and active within a classroom . Still , I really do n't like being noticed . Throughout middle school , I had wanted to be a hermit when I grew up . I no longer am that extreme but that part of me is still there . Ok , now it is for the incessant book talk . Today and yesterday , I read three plays by Oscar Wilde . `` The Importance of Being Earnest , '' '' Lady Windmere 's Fan , '' and `` Solme . '' Wilde is a master at witty dialogue , but his attempts at social commentary are rather lukewarm . I really loved A Picture of Dorian Gray and I do love his plays , but his plays are pretty light reading . I have read 6 chapters of In the Shadow of Man by Jane Goodall . Its good , but I had put it off in favor of Wilde . As for A People 's History of the United States , I 'll eventually have to read it , but until I finish other books , its unlikely that I will . 