My nose is very runny , and I 'm about to sneeze , and I HATE pollen and dust and everything else that makes my nose run ridiculously . My kitten is playing with wires , and my other cat is absolutely filthy . I think she likes rolling in dirt and grease , because every time I turn around , she has another layer on her , and since she has white fur , it is really really gross looking . At least Socrates does n't have such a dramatic change when he gets dirty ( and I 'm sure he is ) . My three cats are Snowy , Shadow , and Socrates . Snowy and Shadow were named by my sister , and they are older than Socrates , who is my special cat . The other two sleep in my sister 's room , but Socrates sticks with me . Shadow is really crazy and hyper , and Snowy is reclusive and hides under things whenever anyone comes near , but Socrates thinks that he 's human . Yes , I am a dork and talk about my cats too much . Any maternal instinct I have is completely devoted to cats ( I certainly do n't like human children , with a few exceptions , I get really annoyed with little kids after five or ten minutes ) . Summer is boring . With the exception of camp ( which is in itself more than an exception and allows summer to be justified ) I would rather that school continued . I have n't felt like that before , but I feel it now . I like my school . I like learning . I like most of my teachers . The ones I do n't like , I can still survive because I know that I 'm going to a better class in an hour . Some of the teachers I think are bad teachers are still good people . I think that 's an important distinction because far too often , people judge the teacher on their skill and not for them as a whole . My french teacher was in the peace corp , was really involved in the civil rights movement , is a retired hippie with more ideas and knowledge than a lot of people I know . He is also a terrible teacher because he likes to talk about french speaking africa ( when he was in the peace corp ) and when he was biking around france in college instead of about the subjunctive tense . He also feels bad giving bad grades on essays because when someone makes an effort , he does n't like to discourage them . My math teacher this year was a nun ( yes , in a public school ) who goes to protest the school of the americas every year and is an avid pacifist . I 've never seen her ever condemn anyone . We discuss fairness issues and current events on fridays . She loves abstract math , and talks about proofs as if they are flowers or children . She knows what she 's talking about , and she can teach well , but she allows too much to go on in her class behind her back , and she is n't afraid to fail a student who does n't do the work . I 've only had one truly terrible teacher , both in personality and in teaching methods . Ever . Hew as my english teacher this year , and he talked to us as if we were inantimate objects . I read from the textbook and tested us on the history instead of the literature . ( History is important , but by that , I mean the summaries in our literature book . ) Not only that , but he got the history wrong . He used A Doll 's House as an example of enlightenment thought . There are elements of that ; however , considering that that play was from a later time period and it was an example of feminism , this is a really bad example . I told him on the last day before exams that he wasted my time , and he did n't understand what I said . Whats more , after I battled him all that semester ( we had 3 english teachers this year ) he gave me the award for the class . I wanted to tear it apart . It was as if I got an award in PE . Wow , I 've rambled about my teachers , which is ... ok , I guess . Maybe I do n't have much else to talk about . I think I 'll get off and go read . Still reading A People 's History of the United States . Damn I want it to be over . 