Hi , well here it is . 'T is inspired by someone who convinced me that it is not something terrible and scary . Actually , the real reason I 'm writing this is that I realized that I spend more time on the computer than I do anything else , so I might at least devote some of my time to something that I can look back on . The thing is that I do not want this to turn out angst ridden like most blogs I have seen tend to do . I do not want this to become a history of my personal life . Neither of those things really interest me that much because honestly , I 'm a pretty boring person . I am not bad off , and I have no real reason to complain bitterly . So ... . I will write about other stuff . I will write about thoughts , ideas , and whatever is interesting me at the moment . I will not delve excessively in the real world if I can help it . Ok , so I might write about the real world if it affects my emotions or thoughts in a significant way . I might . ( This means that I most probably will , and that I am quite likely to go back on whatever I said here ) Right now , I am thinking about books . After all , it is summer , so I have enough time to read . I shall have an ongoing log of the books I read . I just finished reading L'Etranger ( the stranger ) in french . It was good , and I fully intend to read it again in english so I can assure myself that I understand it . Existentialism is fun . Right now , I am reading A People 's History of the United States by Howard Zinn . It is pretty good ; I had seen it referenced in a few other things I was reading , and I 've heard people talk about it . So when I saw it on the list of choices for school , I chose it . Still , I really am not that interested in American History . I would much rather be reading something that is either fiction or about somewhere or something else . This is how I feel about US history most of the time . I mean , I 'm outraged by the injustice and interested in innovations , and I know that it is pretty important if I 'm to understand the US as it is today , but it simply does n't interest me as much as other places . At school , I 'm taking Russian history along with US history so I can have something that is more interesting . After that , I will read In the Shadow of Man by Jane Goodall , and then , I will write a report on it . Thats for Bio 2 , but I 'm actually interested in it . I have heard much of Jane Goodall , and it will be interesting to see what she has to say . Then , all my required reading will be done , and I can read whatever else I want . Dunno what that will be quite yet , but I 'm sure it will be something fun . My reading has been getting progressively less and less light , and with the exception of Life of Pi , I have not read anything really mainstream in a while . Well , no , I did read Running Away on a Fast Camel by Louise Rennison a couple weeks ago . Somehow , I get the feeling that I will be correcting myself here . Actually , I do know what that might be . I probably will read The Da Vinci Code even though I hear it is pop history ridden with conspiracy theories . Everyone around me has read it , and I 'm beginning to feel left out ( the reason I have read Harry Potter ) . After that , I 'll probably find something a bit more fun , but who knows . Perhaps more writing will come in the future 