I 'm still reading Little , Big by John Crowley . It really is superb , but the writing is so intense and dense that it 's been taking me a while . Here 's an excerpt from `` Suppose One Were a Fish '' ( my favorite part ) Of course ( the sutters bean to drift closed again ) it was possible to imagine he was one of them , himself a secret-keeper , curse-maker , malign manipulator ; an eternal wizard intelligence housed for its own subtle purposes in a common fish . Eternal : suppose it to be so : cetainley he has lived forever or nearly , has survived into this present time ( supposing ( drifting deeper ) ) this to be the present time ) ; he has not expired at a fish 's age , or even at a prince 's . It seems to him that he extends backwards ( or is it forewards ? ) without beginning ( or is it end ? ) and he ca n't just now remember whether the great tales and plots which he supposes he knows and forever broods on lie in the to-come or lie dead in the has-been . But then suppose thats how secrets are kept , and age-long tales remembered , and unbreakable curses made too ... . This chapter is amazing because it is told from the ( third person limited ) view of an enchanted trout who can only remember his past humanity when he is asleep . Those who turned him into a trout and imprisoned him in a barren lake denied him his memories , and by doing so , erased his knowledge of why he was there . This chapter really blew my mind , but there are so many parts like that ... Here 's how that chapter ends . Only suppose this man imagines remembering , imagines his only and final memory to be ( the rest , all the rest , is supposition ) the awful strangulated gaspin in deadly waterlessness , the sudden fusing of arms and legs , the twisting in air ( air ! ) and then the horrible relief of the plunge into cold , sweet water where he ought to be-must now be forever . And suppose he can not now remember why it happened : only supposes , dreamin , that it did . What was it he did to hurt you so ? Was it only that the Tale required some go-between , some maquereau , and he came close enough to be seized ? Why ca n't I remember my sin ? I do n't know what else to talk about today , all I know is that I 'm getting ready to go to TIP . I 'm stopping by in Atlanta , and I tried to email some friends to see if we could meet up , but none of them answered me back yet . Oh well , maybe they will soon ... Really , I ca n't wait for TIP . It is much more like home that home actually is . Its a shame I can only go this last year ... More later , I just wanted to have quotes from Little , Big before I left . 