Found a interesting site that hosts a huge `` geek test '' 200 questions long at least I got 36.29191 % - Major Geek : D if you want to check it out your self and take the huge test go right ahead at urlLink this Link ! : ) my dad and I have been trying to create a water cooling system for my system . see my system is special ( no really it is ... ) it is different in it special intel CPU and motherboard specially from intel , there old hardware betas that were tossed or given to those special few ( hehe ) . most of these betas do n't work but the ones on got here do but with some bugs , now what makes this special is that the CPU can be overclocked and normal intel CPU 's ca n't in fear of reselling issues . this means that even if you have a 1 gig p4ee CPU ( if they exists ) the CPU can go up to 4.0+ because the CPU architecture surpports it . Now since water cooling is heck of a lot better at sucking the heat off of the CPU than air every body wants to use it because CPU 's as we know it are becoming so hot that water cooling is the savior of the next 10 years of CPU 's ( 5+ gig and up ) the only thing in the back of every bodies mind is that if there 's a leak . so what me and my dad are going to do is take 2 water blocks , 32oz water bottle , a pump , peltair cooler , a heatsink and fan , some plastic flexible piping , some sort of massive power supply . now what a peltair cooler is a passive ( no moving parts ) cooling system that literally sucks the heat from one side to the other side using electicity now what 's funny is that we have a big one . Its 50x50mm a little smaller than your palm I guess , but it sucks more power required from a car battery o_O but then again today 's computer power supplies put out more than needed power for this unfortunately mine does n't the peltair cooler requires 12 volts 17 amps and 170 watts of electicty unfortunately my power supply only puts out 13 amps and 180 watts just short but if it was right I would still have to get another power supply for my computer because my computer uses some of that ( I 'm not all sure HOW much ) now all of this is going to put inside of a box so it nice and neat but it kinda makes a problem for one size may be a problem as I want to fit this into a small of a box as possible and my dad want to put a fan on top of the heat exchange system ( waterblock , peltair , heatsink ) while I want to cut a hole above the exchanger and take a 120 mm fan to it and leave the heat sink , because 120mm fans are silent and move more air besides we already have 2 ( double fans could be placed in as well ) my other reason for this idea is that the power supply will be creating a great about of heat as well . if this is to `` fuzzy '' for you to really get an idea what I trying to say just comment your questions and I will try to answer them because this is just plan after all with some pieces : oh and my sister ordered and received a linkin park sweater in the start of summer just because she was SO CRAZY to get it . I still do n't understand why she listens to people who yell until there lungs are dangling out ... well that 's all for today . 