Well my grandma left yesterday , and I started my school up again . some times I loath it because the way the thing is set up is that you go over and over the same subject . like history I studied the `` beginnings of America '' for 3 years ... I worked on my projects a little I saw a short video of dungeon siege 2 gameplay , just..Wow they really put some good ideas into the game like duel-welding and powers one of my favs of the demostration was `` pets '' were you can premantly create ( or buy ? ) that the only way to have it grow is to feed it your items you pick up or buy . interestingly enough the items you feed it , will give the pet the stats of that object . it would be interesting in real life , `` yeah , could I get that corvette for my dog and tank too '' I picked up the game freelance again for just because I needed something to do when I was frustrated with my programming . finished the game in 12 hours : O I 'm already pretty much max out in the stats in that game ... I figured once I max out I would put some mods in to make it more fun just to explore and see if any of the new ships weapons were better : D then if I ever get bored of that I will try one of those huge servers there hosting now days I did at one time host a server for that lasted only about 1 year because my parents were getting annoyed : but in that time I got 10000+ unique players it was all ways full even in the late hours and now after there 's are servers that host 65 verus my 32 and there full o_O . the server program does surpport 128 players but my god you would need twin p4ee 3.5 cpu 's and a oc-12 connection to host it . for those who do n't know what oc-12 is it 's a fiber optic connection I think that has like 5 gig transfer rate . and if you want to know what freelancer is it 's a space flight/sandox like game good sp and mp but there 's missing things like there 's just `` ok '' level of systems and general stuff , there 's lots of exploring because each system rather big and some of them contain derilics full of goodies and some of the higher level areas contain lots of hard to reach ones and they contain top level non buyable weapons : ) I do have to say the atmosphere is awesome everything from docking/exiting a space station from you and other people to people barking at each other on the radio to even people telling you what happened before the game what really needs to be put into the game it just more of everything so of and of development team of `` freelancer '' are reading this ; polish the graphics , add more systems , weapons , hidden things , stations , increase AI traffic in every system by 10 fold at least to make it more interstice , more radio chatter , types cargo , types of missions , add a buyable power and engines because , and last but not least add more interactions for planets most likely for mp sp is ok well most of these things can be achieved my mods in the community but there 's a lot of things there . the smaller things that happened around here is that I put up a small picture for you guys to see he it not me but it close : ) glasses , brown hair , geek shirt and a FEW pimples and you got your self a cartoon version me . 