Wow , I ’ m really bored . So I ’ m gon na steal a Rauch and do a friends thing . I love you all so much even if I didn ’ t put you down . I don ’ t think that I could make it through my day with out all your all encouragement ! God bless ! ! Rebecca : A paragraph doesn ’ t do near justice of all that you mean to me , I love you so much ! Thanx for making me prettyful even when I put up a fuss ! J Rausch : It has been really fun ! Esp . chem. , but everything else , piano , organ , chem . Class , ‘ english class ’ and everythingJ York : Bible quiz would not be the same with out you . English too . You ’ re awesome , thanx for being my friend , to encourage me even when I feel down ! Adrienne : you ’ re so cute ! We had so much fun at work this summer . ‘ Warm potatoes ! ’ and even though I don ’ t see you much at school anymoreL . Erin : you ’ re so much fun . So many crazy times being hyper and blonde , yes blondeJ Wow , I ’ m really bored . So I ’ m gon na steal a Rauch and do a friends thing . I love you all so much even if I didn ’ t put you down . I don ’ t think that I could make it through my day with out all your all encouragement ! God bless ! ! Rebecca : A paragraph doesn ’ t do near justice of all that you mean to me , I love you so much ! Thanx for making me prettyful even when I put up a fuss ! J Rausch : It has been really fun ! Esp . chem. , but everything else , piano , organ , chem . Class , ‘ english class ’ and everythingJ York : Bible quiz would not be the same with out you . English too . You ’ re awesome , thanx for being my friend , to encourage me even when I feel down ! Adrienne : you ’ re so cute ! We had so much fun at work this summer . ‘ Warm potatoes ! ’ and even though I don ’ t see you much at school anymoreL . Erin : you ’ re so much fun . So many crazy times being hyper and blonde , yes blondeJ Hrefna : It feels like I ’ ve known you longer than I really have ! Good luck with your boi-friend Paul ! Luke , Sam , Chris , and all the rest : you guys are so much fun . You make me laugh even when I ’ m having a really bad day . You all rock ! Jenny : Yay ! My choir , locker , and homeroom buddy . So glad you ’ re my friend ! Micah : what would I do without you ? I would have shot myself long before the first semester was up ! ! ! ! Amanda , Brittney and all my junior buds : it would have been a really long year without you guys ( girls ) in my classes , thanks for being my friend ! And you who are reading , I love you too ! *Oh ALL you , my friends are invited to see me on Sat . May 1st at 7:30 ( or Sun . May 2nd , @ 2 ) dance in the ballroom ( contact me for directions ) . Cost is free but you need to reserve seats , cuz space is limited . Hope to see y ’ all there ! 