Pysch , Part X I ended my journal 4 years ago because my life was turned upside down when I learned that our landlord was selling the house we rented and we had to find a house and move within three weeks . P. was unable to help since he was on active duty during the move , so basically my parents and T. and S. helped me . By the end of the summer things were getting under control and I had gotten out of the habit of journaling and did n't pick it up again until now . It has now been almost a year and half since I cut . This was a major triumph for me . I still go at least monthly to see a therapist ( more often when things get rough-one of my older sisters had breast cancer and is undergoing chemo , one of my uncles fell into complete dementia and passed away two weeks ago , G. 's spring at school was a total disaster between trying to find meds that worked as well as the Ritalin did , but would n't make him lose weight , and the budget crisis at work ) . I have been able to get a better view of life in general and I can deal with everyday upsets in a mostly calm and less insane way . While I still take five different meds-Seroquel , Klonopin , Paxil , Pamelor , and Strattera-I am starting to cut back on some of them slowly because I feel that I actually can do this . After having read my journal I realize that it sounds like I am all doped up all the time . I am less hyper but just as active as I was before I was hospitalized . G. is now 12 and very active in sports and friends , I still work full-time , I work with the youth at our church , serve on the vestry , and have just completed 30 credit hours , which will either become a Sixth year Certificate in education or will be rolled into a PhD . program . I was always one of those parents who said that my child would never be on medication for his ADHD . After experiencing the difference the right medication can make , I have fought hard to get G. treated . I do n't want him to end up in the same place I was four years ago . I hide my mental illness less than I used to . I believe that there are few people out there who realize just how many people they know who have a mental illness they hide . These are people from all walks of life who rely on medication to keep the chemical balance in their brains . That is possibly one of the biggest pet peeves I have-a mental illness is like diabetes , which is also a chemical imbalance-and people need to realize this and not believe it is all made up or for attention . I lived for 30 years with horrible nightmares on sometimes a daily basis without ever telling anyone because I thought it was normal . I also have hidden my self-mutilation as best I could . The only other thing I have to say is that my belief in God has grown stronger over the past few years . Four years ago I went to church on a Wednesday night for a healing service . I had my suicide planned for the following Tuesday . I spent nearly three hours in church crying and begging God for help , but I thought I was asking to help me commit suicide . The next day , Thursday , I had my first appointment with a psychiatrist and was admitted immediately after that . At the time I was angry because my prayers were not answered . I now realize God did answer my prayer and that is why I am still here today , enjoying my family and working hard to maintain my health as it is . Whatever you may call that being- ( s ) he is there ! I strongly believe that when we get things easily we do n't fully appreciate them . The following Muslim poem sums it up for me : I asked for Strength ... and Allah gave me Difficulties to make me strong . I asked for Wisdom ... and Allah gave me Problems to solve . I asked for Prosperity ... and Allah gave me Brain and Brawn to work . I asked for Courage ... and Allah gave me Danger to overcome . I asked for Love ... and Allah gave me Troubled People to help . I asked for Favours ... and Allah gave me Opportunities I received nothing I wanted , Yet , I received everything I needed . My Prayere has been answered . 