Psych , Part IV Sunday , March 19 , 2000 Today was ok . I did lots of little tings and spent time with G. I have forgoteen most of it because I did n't write on Sunday . Tuesday , March 21 , 2000 Coming back to work yesterday was alright . People were very kind and several offered help if I needed it . I did n't get much done , bit I did go through my mail and work on some new equipment . When I got home we took G. to go rollerbladng but he was too crabby and it got cold . 1 . I took a long hot bath and just relaxed . 2 . I found myself very irritated with G. and started to yell . I took a step back , caught my breath and calmed down ( but I was still angry with him . ) 3 . I like the color of my skin . Tuesday , March 21 , 2000 This has been a difficult morning . I left without my calend and keys . I really wish I had taken Amien with me . I am feeling very frustrated , very agitated and very angry right now . I ca n't do things at home because I 'm too tired and I have only been able to read for my course one day , If I was n't useless before , I certainly am now ! I began to feel better after seeing Dr. P. I guess I was very anxious about seeing him . After I get a blood test done , I will be changing medications which will hopefully get rid of some of the side effects . I spent some time at the mall for a bit , then went home . 1 . I spent about 10 minutes at the pet store petting and talking to Zach the Macaw . 2 . Nothing to get angry about over today but the anxiety and thoughts of cutting myself were overwhelming . 3 . I get along with most other people . Wednesday , March 22 and Thursday March 23 , 2000 Wednesday was a pretty poor day . Today was not much better . There were times each day I thought how terrible it would be for G. and P. if I slit my wrists . but I am still very frustrated by my inability to work the way I used to . My thinking and memory are not as sharp as they were and I know it ! I forget things , I have trouble concentrating when people speak to me and I often have to ask them to repeat what they said . At work I am only able to get done what needs to be done for the day and can do little over and above the basics . Dr. P. said I need to have patience in all of this since I did n't become sick over night , I also ca n't get better overnight . He also said I need to distract myself when I feel like cutting myself . But I have found this hard . I have had a strong urge since yesterday to cut myself and have it off , though I did scrape a little . The elastic band is just not the same . One of the bad things about all of this is my inability to `` feel '' much of anything . Yesterday I found out that a who has been best friends with my mom and our family since they were in high school has a bone cancer . I should have been very upset , yet I felt nothing . I do n't know if this the medication or the depression . 1 . I sleep alot at home . 2 . I was able to handle a situation with three students . When I started to get upset I took a breath and spoke firmly but calmly to them . Their teacher ended up the one who blew a gasket . 3 . I like the way I feel when I hug G. or P. they make me feel content and safe . Friday , March 24 , 2000 I felt really good today . I was more alert than I have been . I was able to do some work at school . It was really warm and a bunch of us ate in the courtyard . My appointment with S. was ok . I have been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder . After the appointment I was a little angry because S. had me read this journal and now I have give P. the Ambien to give me when I need it . I guess there is some part of me that does n't really want to die since I have told her this . I am supposed to write a letter to Memere T. I also was angry because I had this new diagonese , and I ca n't really look it up until Monday . 1 . I fell asleep about 7:30 . 2 . This morning a woman was upset with me because she wanted to get by my car but could n't . She kept blowing her horn . I got a little angry and I did blow my horn back but then realized it was a stupid little thing and let it go . 3 . I have a good sense of humor . Saturday , March 25 , 2000 We spent a good part of the day in Mystic to watch the launch of the Amistad . It was nice but not as exciting as I hoped it would be . We got cold and we went to the Aquarium . 1 . I bout a nice red soft sweatshirt for myself . ( And one for G. ) 2 . I was very nervous about getting to the Seaport but P. listened and we parked and walked which made me feel better . 3 . Sunday , March 26 , 2000 We had a visit with J and S. It was Noah 's birthday . We went as a courtesy but were not particularly excited about being there . 1 . 2 . 3 . Monday , March 27 , 2000 Today has been a very bad day . I felt strong urges to cut myself , but I have to wait until after tomorrow night when we do G. 's birthday . When I read my email there was one from Dr. B. telling me I was not accepted into the Phd program because I did n't have the right background . I feel like the last goal has been ripped out from under me . I was angry with them , I am angry with myself for getting sick , I am angry with myself for telling S. about the sleeping pills and with S. for making me give them to P. I could not think of anything else all day . I did nothing for myself today and once again did nothing with my other goals . 