Psych Part III Wednesday , March 15 2000 Yesterday an dMonday I did n't write because I was busy and I was too tired at the end of the day . On Monday I went shopping with my Mom for G. 's birthday . It was fun , I had my mom take me because I did n't feel comfortable driving . We also had a meeting with the school psychologist about G. He does not have a learning disability , he does not have ADD or ADHD , but he is gifted ( 96-99 % . ) B. also said he does have a somewhat difficult personality and recommended we consult with a clinical psychologist . We are waiting a bit before we do anything about this . Though both days were better than they have been , I have still had some thoughts of hurting myself . Yesterday was worse because I was alone all day . I talked myself out of it . But this morning I actually took a shower without thinking about cutting myself . I am not going to write more about the meds because I am taking them like I am supposed to . For the three other goals : 1 . I bought myself a new dress and spending time with my Mom was good . 1 . I planted peas and sweet peas . 2 . I did not get angry 2 . P. signed up for a new credit card . I was angry but after I TALKED to P. and we decided to keep it . 3 . 3 . I do special things for G. Thursday , March 16 , 2000 Yesterday morning may have been great but the day grew worse as it went along . I really had a struggle not cutting myself . I have also thought that my birthday would be a good day to commit suicide . I could leave on the same day I came here . I am also hoping that by then the medication and counseling will be to a point that I will not go through with my plan . Friday , March 17 , 2000 I went for a bike ride to campus yesterday . It felt good . I was however drawn to the stream along the way . I ca n't understand why running water makes me feel like it does . I could actually picture myself calmly going to sleep and not waking up again . I 'm not constantly thinking about suicide or hurting myself , but it does come up often . I keep waiting for these thoughts and feelings to go away . I guess I need to work on this . I also need to let the baby thing go . For two years everything I have done has focused on `` the baby . '' My eating habits , vitamins , exercising was all done to make sure that if I got pregnant the baby would be ok and somewhere along the line it became me that was not ok . I will be doing ( at least trying ) things for me . I went to Borders last night it was nice just to be there alone and look at anything I wanted to . 1 . I went for a bike ride and I went to Borders alone . 2 . 3 . I am polite . Saturday , March 18 , 2000 Last night we went to Husky Blues to hear GY . play . It was nice . I got the chance to talk to D. and JT . Today I went to my parents to download some software for my PalmPilot . Then D. , Mom , PG , and I went to the Marlborough Barn . It was a nice afternoon . Right now I am feeling pretty low . I know that the drugs have changed me . I am quieter , talk less , and sit still . However I find it frustrating that I ca n't always think or speak as clearly as I used to . I also forget things and this really bothers me . I think what it will be like on Monday with everyone asking me where I 've been I almost wish no one noticed that I was gone . I am not sure how well I will be able to do my job . Even though I like my job I feel how unimportant it is . I am just very sad tonight ( I forgot to feed the bunny . ) My hip hurts alot and my breasts are swollen and tender . I just want to be away from it all . I 'm really tired too ! [ Few people actually noticed I was gone , one of the medications made my joints hurt and another caused me to lactate . While I could have made some extra money as a wet nurse , it was a bit unsettling . I stopped both medications and everything cleared up . ] 