Psych Hospital , Part II Thursday , March 9 , 2000 I feel much better today than I have in a while . By last night things seemed to be better but this morning I am kind of restless . R. came by yesterday and gave me communion and talked for a while which was nice . I also had the opportunity to read one of the books he gave me-it was good and has some interesting insights . J. also sent me a bunch of stuff , magazines , cookies , etc . In group yesterday people talked about some things that made alot of sense to me . Much of the time I think that there is not much I do well and I was remembering how I have always been the `` dippy '' one , the one who did n't quite get things right . I think I probably need to start thinking about things I do well and change how I think about the things I do n't believe I do well . I had said a couple of days ago that for a goal I was going to write 3 things that I did well or liked about myself , so I guess now would be a good time to do that . 1 . I help others when they need it . 2 . I work well with gardening . 3 . I enjoy working with animals In the afternoon yesterday we had anger management and I realized ( once again ) that I do not hand anger well . Often when someone does something that upsets me I find some way to turn my anger at them to myself-I always make it my fault . I am supposed to go home tomorrow . Earlier today I felt good but now I am feeling pretty nervous . Before dinner I was reading to one of the other patients and she got upset . I felt really responsible but I have tried to make myself believe that it was n't . One of the mental health care workers was very mean to her earlier today and they changed some of her routines . Then P. and Mom came by to talk about what will happen and how they can help me when I leave . Now I am very anxious and ca n't seem to calm myself . I asked earlier for an extra dose of medicine but they asked me to wait to see if my regular medicine would work-it has n't . I guess I realize that this is n't a minor thing . In some ways my life will never be the same . I have to change things , I have to do some catch-up on things and I will need to be more vigilante to make sure I do n't get as far depressed as I have been . Friday , March 10 , 2000 It 's Friday night and I am at home again . The past week has been an interesting and enlightening experience . I met people from many different backgrounds and discovered a very important lesson-we are all human and susceptible to the same highs and lows in life . I really have a very different perspective on those suffering from subtance abuse . While the thought of coming home was scary , I am feeling fairly comfortable . I know the feeling wo n't last , but I am going to try and remember things I have learned this past week . In order to get well and stay well I need to do the following : 1 . Take meds . 2 . Take time for me ( 15 minutes or more ) . 3 . Control my anger . 4 . Learn to love myself I will try to record what I have done each day to meet the last three goals . Today I spent time quietly in my room thinking about coming home , I maintained a calm demeaner when dealing with G. , realized that my ability to organize helps keep the family together . I also felt gratitude and blessings in the form of P. and G. I need to be thankful for all my family and friends . Sunday , March 12 , 2000 Last night I had a little problem with thoughts of cutting myself . It was a little overwhelming at the coffee hour after church . There seemed to be too many people . I also had some trouble during a presentation by R. There were lots of images of the crucifixition . E. and J came down for G. 's birthday . She is always very good to G. In addition to a gameboy game ( Pokemon Pinball ) we went to Toys R Us . G got rollerblades and so we could go together , I got a pair myself . We tried them out and they seem great . Today I : 1 . Took all my meds , but left out the one for stiff joints since I was n't feeling too stiff . 2 . I have yet to take my 15 minutes , but I am going to try some knitting . 3 . I was firm with G. when he was pushing playing with his stuffed animal in church . I did n't yell , I just removedif and put it in the pew and warned him I would take it away for the day . No problem after that . 4 . Getting roller blades was good for me because I can take them with me and go skating on campus . [ These proved to be more than I could do and eventually they went to the swap shop . ] 