Since I can be reasonably certain this blog wo n't give away who I am , I have decided it would be a good place to put a journal I began while being treated for depression and other things . It will probably sound selfish , foolish , and just plain crazy to anyone who has never had a mental illness . But for some it will probably sound all too familiar . It has been over 4 years since I was hospitalized and in many ways my life is better . The night before being admitted I spent an hour or so at Church , asking God to help me . I had everything planned for the following Tuesday . I was supposed to go to a house party ( tupperware , something . ) By the time anyone realized I was n't at home or at the party , I would be dead . Now I look back and think that God did answer my prayers and put me in the hospital . But sometimes it gets to be too much and right now is one of those times . I am hoping that reading and transcribing this will help me now . Monday , March 6 , 2000 Thursday night seemed surreal . Waiting for hous in my work clothes . Saying goodbyes to Garrett and Peter at their office and going to my appointment . Dr. P. was nice but I was upset with his almost immediate suggestion that I go to N.-he even took my keys away . Then there was the wait to get there . It was very difficult to sign the papers admitting myself . Then questions , questions and more questions . Each time a new person , a new set of questions . Everything I owned was searched . Finally I got a bed-only to have another patient go out of control and spend the next 4 or so hours screaming . Eventually I slept a little . Friday morning brought more of the same . Breakfast , tests , questions and then group meetings . All I wanted to do was sleep . I did n't want to participate in anything . My medication was changed . By Friday afternoon I began to feel more a part of the hospital ( which in a way is scary because part of me does n't believe I belong here . However there have benn many moments when I feel the anger and agitation and both yesterday and today cut myself . I feel like I 'm being sucked into a whirlpool and I just want to hit bottom so I can start climbing out . Everything revolves around that magic day-the day of discharge . Lots of jokes , tears , and arguments involved . Medication seems to be another important aspect of the day . No one yet has refused meds and I assume that they , like me , hope to get some or any relief from the magic pills . Normally I do not take medication , but here I make sure I am one of the first to mine and that they are working well . Anything that will stop my racing mind , lesson the ever present thoughts of cutting myself or slitting my wrists and watching the blood drain away . Even at night I have accepted sleeping pills which will put me int a deep quick sleep and leave me from my own thoughts . I REALLY want the whirlpool to stop . Tuesday , March 7 , 2000 Each time I think I have hit bottom-I find one more way to sink lower . Yesterday I was so desparate to cut my wrist-but I did tell the doctor . They gave me an extra Atavan which helped a bit but I still ended up cutting myself while under observation . They took my paperclip away and gave me a rubberband to snap . It was n't much of a substitute . In the afternoon the doctor changed my medication again and gave me something called Resparin ( sp ? ) . I was pretty tired last night but today I have felt pretty good . I have n't felt a strong urge to cut myself and just now for the first time actual felt like looking forward to planting flowers . It was the first time in months that I have n't felt dead inside . The doctor talked about me going home which kind of scares me because while I feel good now I worry that I may not be ready and since I know I have no problem cutting myself I 'm afraid I would slit my wrists if I felt bad again . Well could n't make it through the afternoon without extra medication . I spoke to the counselor about writing an `` obituary '' for the child I ca n't seem to have the thoughts of dealing with the painful emotions has made me very anxious . I will try to write this later . In group earlier today I shared the fact I feel more comfortable here . I do n't have to go around hiding my feelings and acting like everything is ok. Other people here actually understand how I feel . They know the cutting relieves the anger and how the deadness hurts . They understand that no matter how many people care about you , when you are feeling worst you ca n't comprehend that and it has no effect . In second group today we discussed being assertive . I think I am probably much too passive most of the time and then change it to aggression at home . I need to learn to be honest about my feelings and stand up for my rights and needs while respecting others . Others ( the group counselors ) said this would probably be uncomfortable but I am going to try . Wednesday , March 8 , 2000 Last night was a terrible night . I had trouble sleeping and when I asked to have a snack I was denied and treated like a child . I was already upset and had all sorts of things running through my head and my anxiety level just grew until I was so angry . I ended up cutting myself again . First thing this morning I spoke to the Dr . I toldhim a lot of things I did n't realized were bothering me . I need to learn to deal with my anger and frustration better . I think I probably also need to make sure I have more time for myself . I want to work really hard to try and be out of here by Monday . Even though I still feel bad-I really do need to get to be with my family . I did write about Sophie-It was very emotional and caused a lot of anxiety but I think if felt alot better . I will try reading it again later to see how I feel about what I wrote . Sophie Sophie Annette S. You were born with lots of dark hair and those newborn blue eyes . You were small and thin but healthy , just like your brother . Even though G. protested , he loved you and helping with you . As you grew your hair turned lighter and your eyes changed to match your dad 's eyes . You smiled often and enjoyed being with people . The stubborn streak that seems to be a family trait was quite apparent . You loved getting dirty and being outside and as you began to crawl and walk you alway 's managed to get into G 's stuff . You grew quickly and continued to annoy your brother , though through all the fights and arguing it was apparent that you loved one another . Your freckled face and short dark hair combined with your lovely green eyes created a unique and beautiful little girl . You grew to be questioning and independent , sometimes to the point of trouble . You experienced many of the trials and tribulations of being a teenager but survived these all right to be a confident , self-assured , happy adult . Sophie , though I never met you , I have held you in my arms a thousand times . I know what you smell like , what your face looks like when your nursing and how warm and soft your fingers are on my hand . I know what it looks like when G. helps you learn to walk and you often play and wrestle and even fight together . I can see running outside in the summer barefooted in a a little green dress and watch you pick dandelions for me . I have seen your daddy holding you and playing with you and watching you proudly . I have watched you grow from a spindly legged little girl into a graceful attractive women . Sophie-though I will probably never meet you I will always love you with all my heart . [ Since that time I have seen in a dream a toddler Sophie wave goodbye and take the hand of some unknown relative and walk away to some other place . ] 