well , its almost the end of day 2 of my blog : ) ther 's a lotta text for 2 days , but ya know how it is , when I get a new toy I wan na play with it : ) My hay fever has been bugging me all day long ... and I just found out that danique also has it ... today was a really weird day ... normally I 'm cheering when I got a free day , I 'll go do stuff I like all day long ... but today I didnt really feel like doing anything ... I felt really weird . Tomorrow is probabley the same deal , and I can sorta guess what 's causing it too ... It feels like butterflies in my stomach , only its not the same ... Today turned out to be a little fun anyway ... I chatted for a while with Danique , but I could sense she was somewhere else with her thought ... with vince , maybe ? just before she went offline , vince came offline , and he was all lame and stuff ... luckely those 2 dont got eachother 's emailadresses ... vince doesnt understand the word subtile though ... when I told him I was chatting with Danique he was all like : `` Dude , I 'm not going to do anything with it , and this is just a normal thing , can ya please gim me danique 's email adress ? ? '' wich offcourse , I didnt.. If he wants her email adress , then he should goto her and ask ... Like I did ( n't ) . Tomorrow will definitley suck.. the entire day noone was online , except danique for 30 minutes , and vince for 15 mins ... and I spent the afternoon at vince 's house , playing James Bond ; ) so probabley sunday will suck as bad too.. luckely there is fathers day , so we also must goto my grandpa ( like in , my dads father ; ) ) so I would be gone pretty much all day ... keeps my mind of stuff ... wich is good , cause I keep on daydreaming about everything thats happened the last 2 days ... and ofcourse about danique ( and it pretty much keeps me awake too , so it may seem very nice and all , but at times it aint so nice ... ) And after 2morrow , there will be ... . monday ... yesterday I looked up to it , but now I kinda feel like I wan na goto school again ... wich is weird , at least for me it is ; ) well , I would love to make this post longer and longer , but I need my sleep ( yesterday I almost didnt sleep , for no apperant reason ... ) well , bye : ) 