yeah , well , I bet you are all like , OMFG , there is yet another fucking post on the same day as the rest , thats fucking number three allready ! but I 'm walking with all this shit for like 14 1/2 year , so excuse me : ) Love is a strange thing , it can make you feel warm inside , it makes ya thing of noone lese but that one girl.. and then ... all ya daydreams get squashed as ya best friend goes and asks her on a dat without even telling me ... WHAT IS THIS FOR A GODDAMN WORLD ? AT LEAST I WAS POLITE ENOUGH TO TELL HIM I LOVED THE SAME GIRL AS HIM ... . damn , thanks to him , I made a complete fool of myself ... after getting the email adress of Danique , I was like yay ! chatting , w00t , ow yeah ! so I got on , and added her , and like then seconds later I was added ... After chatting a while here and there she went offline again , and her best friend added me too so we could chat too ^_^ well , she just asked me tonight , all of the sudden , like , if vince likes danique ... not knowing that son of a bitch emailed her about his love , I didnt know what to say , so I was like I dunno ... then she was like `` Hell yeah ya do know , he send her an email about it and all ... '' well , that , suprisingly , shocked me ... how could taht be else ? I instantley felt the urge to kill him on the spot , to bad he lives to far from me ... One w00t for me though , I dont know if she likes me or not ( but I 'm quite sure that 's a big fat NOT ) , but at least she doenst like him either ... that was one thing that made me cheer a bit more ... well , vince and I would go shopping for a gift for our fathers 2morrow , but as ya might understand , I 'm not really in the mood for that ... I 'm not even in the mood to go but a fucking present.. but its fathers day , so I have too ... damn ... 2 days , and one hour away is monday ... I 'm gon na hate monday , without a doubt , it will become the worst day of my life ... I dunno how to go face vince ... should I kick his ass , or feel sorry for him ? I think I 'm just gon na ignore him ... A little childish , but what the hell , I 'm still a kid anyway , right ? And then there is also Danique offcourse ... I dunno how she is gon na react . I bet her best friend allready told her that I like her ... so I 'm going in , prepared for the worst ... wish me luck ... Wesley 