excuse me grammar , I 'm not english ; ) if u are reading this blog , and are not mentally ill , I suggest not to look at any other posts that may be displayed here , it can be bad for ya health ... just do what I do n't , get a life ! So well , anyway , erhm ... I got myself a blog , but I dunno anything funny to actually post on it ... lem me just post a few thing in my life that are not so incredible funny ... me family : I got one little brother of 8 years old , and a little sis of 12 , and sometimes ( most of the time ) I hate them very much . There only goal in live seems to be to annoy me , and make my life as miserable as possible.. My mom decided after 17 years of happily marriage that she doesnt like my dad , she gets a divorce , and then turns lesbian and runs off with her best friend.. yay ... well , the only normal person in my family is my dad . He 's the kinda guy that doesnt punish ya for every little thing , and he tries to understand people and stuff , and he 's really cool and all , but he is still one of the people I rarther not talk to about complicated stuff in my life ... me friends : woah , I dont really got much friends . actually , I just have one good friend , and the others are just a bunch of loser hanging around us ... Vince is my best friend , he 's just a weird dude , like me , we have the same interests , we act the same , and we both dont give shit about life ( at least , not @ school ) only stupid thing with liking the same things is , also liking the same girls ... Offcourse then there is sander . Just ya regular jerk-off wannabee computer-nerd , 300 % gay , noone likes him really , but he hangs around us , and pretend we follow him instead of he following us ... so that basicly the typical guy ya rather want to ditch , but a well ... And there is this that dude , polo ... man , I belive in tolerance and that stuff , but fuck him , let him die and burn in hell ! this guy is a real prankster , he thinks he 's pretty funny , doing stuff like stealing books , trowing pencils outta the window , call you sick at school , stuff like that . He hangs around sander a lot , so he 's basicly stuck to us.. See , I dont like the last two guys , but vince is a friend of Sander , so they always just tag along with him.. well , those are my `` friends '' in a nutshell.. O wait , I would almost forget the few , very few nice girls in our class that say hi to us when we see them ( just to me and vince ; ) ) those girls are nice , they are one of the few reasons I wan na goto school me lovelife : I thought this was gon na be empty sheet for a long time , but I guess there still are a few women that dig weirdo 's ... a few ... a very slim number ... at first there where these few girls , ( not gon na say names , they dont like that ; ) ) that liked me , but once they got to know me , that love was soon over ... well , at least they showed me what women actually care about.. the outside ( and even that suprised me , and still does ) Then I got this crush on a girl in the first year on junior high ( at least I think its called junior high , the schools and shit are different here in holland ) well , anyway , I THOUGHT I had a crush on her , but soon I realised that I didnt , I was just lonely . And then the final bomb , the drop that really did it , a girl in my class ( the 3th year now ) I really really like this girl , she is like the first love of my life.. But as I said sooner , my best friend also likes her , and so do like 10 other people ... Slim change for me there , so I allready dealt on big loss , and cried my eyeballs out ( sorta ) . Well , that kinda maked me not going to love a girl anymore till I 'm like 16 or 18 , just I 'm just not in a mood to fall in love after this list of dissasters ... my school : My school just sucks , and I mean that like major sucks ... my class is filled with nerd 's , and a few sluts too ( no offence ) you can see my grades really sticking out , like A++ , A++ , A++ , and wesley , you got a ... F. great ... I hate teachers , especially my french teacher , Gaufau or something , he 's a real son of a bitch . He goes around calling students stupid , telling them their dead shrimps ( dont ask ... ) and generally putting students down ... especially me , he seems to hate me.. well , I just hate him right back , I even stopped making homework for French lessons , cause I 'm not learning something anyway ... People at school keep calling me stupid , but people outside school seem to think about me as a potential great scientist , or sumting that style ... I do n't get it , can ya really measure how smart someone is by there school grades ? my life : Well , I hope for you you really didnt actually read all of that , but I needed to get that all of my chest ... feels good ; ) well , now ya know how basicly my life is ... I just spend my days in a deadly boring routine of sleep , school , computers , music , msn , eating and sleeping ... yeah ... I thought of suicide more then just once , 'cause I really didnt saw the point in life anymore ... I also been at a soul shrink for a few weeks.. Man I hate such people ... Nothing personal offcourse , I mean , she was really nice and all , but I hate it how ya can just talk about anything with those people.. sounds stupid , but then again , I am stupid ... bah , I 'm going to quit typing now , cause I 'm losing the feeling in my fingertops , cya all sometime , somewhere : ) 