it 's beginning after decades of wasted time and jumbled lines , i think it 's finally clear that nothing ever will be clear in my mind . i do n't know a single thing that would posess you to think that i could possibly be a normal soul , just facing the every day dramas and spilled dreams . it lingers in the air as i walk on by , staring at my imperfections , though only from the waist down momentarily , only because that is all i see along with seventh grade shoes . it 's obvious as i sit alone at the end of classes , not knowing where to focus my attention , although gossip would kill me . it does n't make sense how the only things i live for are conspiring against me to cut and kill the only things in which i take pride . if a man wrote this he 'd be considered a sensitive martyr , but i am just a lonely forgotten piece of plastic , as if they forgot a piece when the rest was shipped out to impact the world . and it 's impossible to change a century of unbalanced standards . it 's funny how that works against you , even as you fight it from the depths of your insides but know you will always fail . and how every little thing is a paradox to no one else . the season of giving has given me nothing , almost wanting to die rather than face tomorrow . silently fighting my way through the wall , while over and over and i stumble and crack like the ice pond outside . it is tempting to melt it , and silently slink in but only if no one else is watching . and sadly i cover the christmas tree , while in the background people scream and cry and torture one another and live for the gold . but what does it matter ? there 's no symmetry ! there are more on one side than the other , it must be perfect for everyone to see . how could you do such a thing that means nothing at all ? i seem to have been mistaken once again in thinking i am finally free of this . so why are n't i happy ? well why are n't you real ? why is there no one who 's willing to be pure at heart , no matter how much they preach it ? i just sit here and wonder but it 's all imagistic and none of these visions will begin to exist . i listen to chatter of longing and hope , and smile at the jokes but it does n't mean a thing . uncertified surgeons have butchered my heart and laid it on a garage sale table , in the back of a darkened out of the way neighborhood corner , where no one dares to venture . this is how it feels when there is nothing more to put forth effort towards . this it how it feels to be surrounded by those who love the cardboard cut out of you , but loving not a single element of anything in the entire expanse of this everchanging universe , we `` live '' in . this is how it feels when you do n't , and you wo n't , feel anything at all until the sun explodes . 