i really dont think my mom sees me as a person . i dont want to sound like those people who spout how much they hate their arse rag parents , i really love my mom a lot , and i never lie to her , but in my life there are things i really have to hide from her , something im sure everyone does ... however i really wish it wasnt a must , i dont understand if my mom thinks that im just supposed to magically have all the knowledge and experience i need for living when i leave the house , or when im 18 or what ... if she thinks there is some rite of passage one goes through when they move away that allows them to make `` good choices '' and hang out with the respectable , upstanding , good graded , good talking ( hehe ) fuckwits that every parent wants thier darling little children to run about with and frollick in a nice sunny buble , blah i dont want to be bitter about it , but when she insults my friends i get really really pissed off , she can talk shit to me all she wants , but to talk about my friends that she doesnt even know is unbelievable , i was under the impression that i was to grow up respecting people for who they were , not how they look , and what they do in their free time , i was taught to judge to determine whether they were good people at heart . the people i have chosen to surround myself with are good people , ive made a lot of really great new friends , that i really respect a lot , and when my mom rips into them after digging into their school files ( a few of them anyway , she can do that she is a principal ) or calls them fucked up druggies because there was a party with booze or pot i just lose respect for her , and i feel pushed away , pardon the cliche ... and the rhyme ... damnit i lost my anger , lol stupid rhyme it stole my good angry flow , one more thing to bitch about , my mom called me a fairy freak because i was wearing eye liner , oh and she found out i wore a skirt ... ( different story ) and so now she thinks im trans-sexual , so yeah im her twisted fairy freak trans-sexual crank user son , how fun . on a better note my jennifer situation has blissfuly been resolved and we 're both happy and it couldnt have happened in a more sweet and endearing way ... lets just hope i can find some sort of balance with my mom shit and my friend bliss , though at the moment i must say i dont mind all that much . 