i was on music piracy application the other day and i illegaly downloaded some songs from an old video game i used to play : The Legend of Dragoon , it was a marvelous video game , full of action with a compelling story of valor , honor , and most of all , an all consuming love . im listening to the main theme right now in fact , and all these powerful emotions that had been evoked from the video game are rushing in , mingling with my already present emotions of ... well i dont know . It makes for a powerful combo , i must say . I think its sad that video games have so much appeal over reality , i understand why , in video games ... its just better , even if you die in the end at least its for your lost love from another galaxy or to save the planet from destruction ... you never see the main charector in a video game getting lung cancer or aids , to perish a slow meaningless death , or getting blown down in a drive by ... its always either valliant or natural , spent with the one you love and all the booty ( as in treasure ) from your adventures handed down to your plethora of children , to your newfound kingdom ( you were a bastard child of an evil ruler returned to take what was rightfully yours ) It 's all so romantic and brilliant , and here i am , looking for a job . hoping my love life turns out right . i can see it now `` the worlds best new video game '' 36 levels of action packed job hunting , new features including getting depressed and feeling hopeless ! ! `` play through the eyes of valdor the great as he tries to figure out what the hell is gon na happen with xandra the beautiful , his mysterious mystress with a past SO elusive , that he can only ponder what it contains ... '' OR , play online with other jobless heroes , where the new livechat feature allows you to have realtime convos with other players all over the world . how fun . i dont really know what to say now ... i guess i just want things to go in the direction i want for once , i dont have a reset button so im just gon na do my best to get a high score on my first , and only , time . 