Hello everyone ! Ok so Saturday I saw Shrek 2 ... it was a really good movie . Then Sarah spent the night and we burned CD 's and stuff . Then on Sunday I had to go to my sister 's graduation which was like sooo boring ... and we were at the very top of the balcony and it was sooo fricken hot in the gym . IDK why , but for some reason I almost started crying when my sister walked across the stage to get her diploma . It 's really wierd . I mean I hate my sister she 's abusive ! But I guess I am kinda gon na miss her ... I mean it 's gon na be so different . I 've lived with her for 14 years and then she 's gone . Well she doesnt leave til August but still I guess I am gon na miss her . N e wayz ... then we went to the graduation party . I thought it was gon na be really boring but it was n't . Kayla , Erika , Ashley , and Ronessa ( my cousins ) were there . So me Kayla and Erika played spoons ... I love that game but it 's not that fun with only 3 ppl . So anywayz ... it was kinda nice to have mom and dad 's family together at one time again ... that has n't happened for quite a while . And nobody fought or anything . Dad knows mom has a b/f . He asked me if he was nice to me and stuff . I mean he was n't being snoopy he was just concerned I guess . Ok so then after the party Kayla spent the night . We burned some more CD 's ( I like making CD 's ok ! ) and we watched South Park-Bigger Longer and uncut and Degrassi until like 3:30ish . Then we went to sleep and woke up around like 10:30 . Then we ate breakfast and I fell asleap again for about 2 hours . And then we watched TV and stuff . We were watching Prom Date on MTV ... it 's like the bachelor only with prom dates and the girl 's senior class picked her date for her . And like halfway through the show dad came in and started watching it with us . I found it pretty funny ... he really gets into those girly shows . He 's like `` who do you think is gon na win ? I think the muscle dude is gon na win '' . It was quite interesting . Then Kayla went home and I burned some more CD 's and then came home which is where I am now ! But next time I go to dad 's I ca n't burn any more CD 's ... I do n't have anymore songs that I want I have like everything ! OMG like @ the graduation party we had rented a thinger of Bloomer 's root beer so when the party was done we still had tonz left so we came home and put it in pichers and stuff ... so now we have like 7 gallons of Bloomers root beer and a whole vedgie tray and a whole cheese tray and a crapload of cake . Graduations rock ! TTFN ! 