God I hate Sunday 's they are so boring . Ya I had to watch Nick this mornin ... that kid do n't talk much . He just read Harry Potter and played gameboy and I put together a Little Mermaid Puzzle . Wow that was fun ! Then I did my homework ... which was even more fun ! Then I ate pizza ! For the third day in a row ! Ya so n e wayz I 'm probably gon na move into Brittany 's old room because there is a cable hookup in there ... that way I can have cable when I get my TV . But I only get like 25 channels . 2 of those channels are ABC , NBC , CBS , and FOX ... I do n't understand why they have 2 of each channel ... they usually play the same thing . I mean does channel 3 and 5 have to be NBC ? I think one is enough . And there are like 3 QVC type channels . And the Golf channel ? Who wants to watch golf ? And then there 's CSPAN and CSPAN2 with all those boring Public Affairs or whatever they call then ... I dont think we need 2 channels of that crap . Channel 26 is ESPN2 ... but it 's all fuzzy and black and white and stuff IDK why . I was watchin ' a hockey game on that channel last night . Trust me it 's more entertaining when you can here sound and see other colors other than black white and gray . If there was a Comedy Central I would be happy . But oh well ... I 'm getting a DVD player and probably a VCR too . Which is cool . And I get a bigger room . And I get to paint it ! Unfortunatly I ca n't paint it blue like my room is now which sux cuz that color is pretty . Mom wants to sponge paint it . Probably some ugly color . I dont trust her she has bad taste . I think all moms do . I mean what possesed her to paint my room yellow when we first moved into this house ? I mean really ... yellow ? Too bright for me . Expecially in the morning ... ugh that was bad . And then she bought me a yellow bedspread and yellow pillows and stuff ! I do n't even like the color yellow ! It 's one of my least favorites ! Let 's see where yellow is at on my list ... Pretty blue ( the color of my room ... it 's acctualy called Powder Blue ) , Purple , Lime Green and other greenish colors ( execpt forest green and shit green ) , Pink , Orange , Red , Yellow , Brown . Ok ... so yellow is at the bottom of my list . And then she goes and truns my room into a big yellow blob . Well acctualy it was Buttercup Yellow ... but who cares . It 's still yellow and I still do n't like it . God I 'm so bored . Who 's even gon na read this . I 'm listening to Slipknot right now . Good band . Well I 'm gon na go I guess cuz I 'm bored and you 're probably bored too . Luv ya ! 