Hey ya 'll what 's up ! Nuthin here ... go figure ! Total bored . I'v got the whole house to myself ... Mom , Doug , Britt , and Nick are fishing . Yeah fishing at like 8:30 at night sounds like a lot of fun to me . Now fishing in the day in the nice sunny weather sounds better . But no worms . My foot 's asleap . Go figure ... I always sit on my left foot when I 'm on the computer . Yeah I was looking through our new yearbook a bit ago ... man it smells bad . Why do those things always reek ? But the cover is sorta pretty . Better than last years . So far I have a total of ... like ... 5 signatures ! WOW ! Oh yeah I 'm so happy we are getting a satelite dish ! Yay ! And I do n't think I spelled satelite right ! Oh well ! But we ca n't get one in my room so Mom 's getting me a TV and a DVD player ! But the dish is gon na be in the living room , Mom 's room , and in the basement with the big screen TV . Man my foot is still asleap . I hate that . It feels like Mountain Dew ... all fizzy and stuff . Ok so it does n't have to be Mountain Dew ... just some kind of carbonated beverage . But Mountain Dew is the best . And it 's fun to have chugging contests with Mountain Dew . But never have a chugging contest with Diet Coke ... makes ya puke . Unless you wan na puke . I do n't know why anyone would wan na puke unless they are some anorexic freak . But why would you be anorexic I mean puke tastes so terrible . Not like I would really know I hav n't barfed since 1st grade ... I never get sick . Well I did like a week or so ago ... but I did n't barf . Which was good . God my foot still feels carbonated . Mom always tells me to walk around on it when it falls asleap ... I think it just makes it worse . Hmm I 'm so bored . I hate spending the weekends all alone . Well Sarah spent the night last night ... we rented Shallow Hal and some other movie . I fell asleap during the first five minutes of Shallow Hal . I hate that . Your like 'ok I 'm not gon na fall asleap but I 'm just gon na rest my eyes for 5 minutes ... I can still hear every word ... ' and then your dead asleap . That happened in English class on Wednesday . But come on who did n't think that documentary was boring ! And I fell asleap on Thursday in that class too . But we were just discussing that boring documentary . But it was only for like 2 minutes then Mr. F. came over and hit his clipboard against my desk . That 's always embarrasing when that happens . Wow I 'm bored . Holy shit . I think it 's storming . The lights just flickered . Thank God the computer did n't go out . OMG I would be so scared . Cuz I 'm downstairs so when it 's dark ... it 's REALLY dark . And it 's probably not too thrilling being in a really dark basement when you watched the Texas Chainsaw Massacre a few days ago . Wow I kinda wrote a lot . Oh well . When I 'm bored I write . I started writing in a journal in like 7th grade and I already have like 6 or 7 notebooks filled up . They are just sitting in my desk ... untouched . I 'm surprised Mom has n't found them . I know when she snoops cuz nothing is in the right place . Well yeah I guess it is storming I can hear it thunder down here . I wonder if they are still fishing . Well yeah I guess I 'm gon na go now ... I 'm sure all of you people ar n't finding all this crap I 've just writen too exciting . Tootles ya 'll ! 