I 'm so happy ! Ok so me and Megan were kinda in a fight because I overheard her say something mean about me when she was talking on the phone with Sarah ( I was @ Sarah 's at the time ) . So Sarah called me and we tried to settle the whole thing . So then Megan called me and we talked and apoligized and stuff and now we are all better which is good . But then me and Katie were still in a fight from on Friday , so Megan told me to call Katie . So I did and we apoligized and now its all good . And now I feel so much better . Ok I 'm listening to the song Big Pimpin by Jay-Z ... totally wierd . I never listen to rap . I was listening to New Found Glory earlier ... they are acctualy a good band . I think I need to expand my variety in music more and not always listen to the depressing stuff . Oh and the song Roses by Outkast is like the best song ever I love it . Ugh I 'm pretty bored . But I feel so much better now that everything is all settled and nobody is mad at each other . But it really sucks because I know that people are still going to talk about each other . I mean girls do that . And we keep secrets from each other and gossip and stuff . I mean I wish everyone would just quit and be nice . But there 's always something floating around . I hate it . I mean I ca n't trust anyone . They promise they wo n't say anything and then they tell one person they think they can trust , but then that person just goes and tells more people . And then you 've got this big thing floating around that was supposed to be a secret . It 's so irritating . Do n't ya think ? Sometimes I wish I was a guy just for the simple fact that guys dont do this . I mean the whole gossipy bitch thing . Anywayz ... omg I 'm so excited the American 's All musical is 2moro night ! I 'm totally going it 's gon na be so much fun to watch all the little 6th graders act like idiots ! We had to suffer through that now I 'm gon na watch them ! I ca n't wait it 's gon na be such a blast . And all the 6th graders that I love to make fun of oh its gon na be great ! Yeah I 'm talking to Sarah about it right now . HI SARAH ! If you see this n e wayz ! Now we are talking about shoes and dresses for the recognition . We are having some major shoes isues . I dont know what kind of shoes are gon na match my dress which sux . I was thinking like black chunky flip-flops , but IDK because my dress is black and it goes up to my knees but then it slants down to my ankles and I dont know if it would look good . IDK what do you think guys ? Oh but my dress is n't all black it has a pink strip on it . It 's pretty cute I got it at JCPennies . I ca n't wait til the recognition ceremony it 's gon na be so much fun . The dance and the pizza party and everything . But I 'm gon na cry so much ! I mean I have so many memories at the Middle School ! I do n't wan na go to the high school . And then everyone else is like omg I ca n't wait til high school there 's gon na be so many hot guys ! It 's like omg ... ok so there are hot guys big deal ! I mean all the girls are bitches . I like being in 8th grade where you are the oldest and you know pretty much everyone . And I 'm also sad becuase Evoanna is moving sometime ... Voanna I love you ! Do n't leave ! Anywayz ... it 's like Mrs. Engles said ... the people you are friends now probably wo n't be your friends in 10 years . Which sucks cuz I love my friends ! Well anywayz ... I 'm all home alone once again which is nice . Mom and Doug are at some thingy for my sister some award thing or something for another one of her great achievements . Psh ... she bugs me ... perfectionist . I wish mom would hurry up ... she 's bringing home Blizzards . Cookie Dough . Yummy . Well I have nothing else to say . Luv ya guys ! Oh yeah also if you could PLEASE help me on my whole shoes delema that would be totally great ! Bye ! 