It 's been a rough two days . Do some people not understand that if they act a certain way while they are drunk that they should not drink as much or be more aware of their actions . I know they mean well , and they are n't really proud of what they have done , but if it repeats itself more than once then you seriously need to rethink a few things . You are not only hurting yourself but others as well . If you were in your right minds then maybe you would n't have done those things again . Think twice people . I tried to help as much as I could that night . I did my best , but you still screwed things up . And it 's up to those who you hurt to make things right again . It 's only those people who can forgive you for what you 've done . I am disappointed that you could 've acted those ways . And I know you did n't mean for it to happen , but you did partake in it so it is your faults . But that is all I 'm going to say . All I know is that if I were you , I 'd think things over way more than twice next time when you 're in the same situation . And man , I just wish my family would see things my way for once , They just like to see things their way which makes them look right all the time . Well , they 're killing me inside . They do n't understand that what they say , what they do , their little `` innocent '' comments really beat me up . They ca n't see that it hurts me but make up poor excuses like , you 're just tired and do n't know what you 're talking about , or , do n't let your situation with friends right this moment interfere with your relationships at home . When in reality there is nothing wrong with me . It 's them . They 're against me or something . Then a second later they act as if everything is ok , well it 's not . And I will not act as if everything is ok . I will not be mean , but I surely do not forget when someone is being unfair to me . It makes me mad , and really I am lost . I do n't know what to do . I 'd like to run away but there 's no where to go , and when I 'd come back they 'd just get mad at me for trying to runaway from my problems when really I 'm trying to runaway way from the people who create them . Well , I feel better now that I 've vented . Tootles -Ela 