I went to a house party this weekend in the Old Port . It was the first house party I had been to in a really really long time . House parties just are n't worth throwing anymore I guess , which is too bad , because I always enjoy them . Anyway this particular house party had an eighties theme , which was about 2 minutes away from getting old but thankfully the hosts got the idea in time . *** Michelle , Sonia and I decided to go to Village Des Valeurs to get some cheap-o radical stuff to wear because we take theme parties and halloween very seriously . Also we did n't want to spend too much money on stuff we were n't likely to ever wear again . Eighties is really in style now and honestly it 's not something I 'm thrilled about . My eyes are always gagging , it hurts . Because people , honestly : if acid washed jeans were n't cool the first time around , I doubt that making them 200 dollars more expensive will help them to be cooler . Also I am pretty poor these days . The reason for this is when I have money I have no sense of self control . I spend spend spend , logic being if I die tomorrow I would rather have stuff than money in the bank . *** Okay so we went to Le Chateau first because as I mentioned before , 80 's is really in now and personally speaking I would rather spend 20 bucks on something half decent that can be worn again maybe twice than spend 5 bucks on something so ugly I have to burn it when I 'm done . But there was nothing there worth buying . The only thing they had were those godawful dust ruffle skirts that I hate more than anything else in fashion right now , and those striped tops that look like they should be worn with berets and 100 mm cigarettes . Sonia and I used to work at Village des Valeurs back in our punk rock days so we know how to shop there . It was the coolest job . We were essentially paid to shop becuase every article of clothing we saw and liked , we put in the back and bought at lunch . Also it was a cool job because when we were tired or hungover or both , we would sleep in the clothing bins in the back where they sort the clothes . Sonia and I started in the dress aisle and within minutes were on the floor holding our bellies , laughing so hard I swear to god I thought I was going to pee . These dresses were from the 80 's alright ... gold lamée , ruffles , bows , sequins , tassles ... they were like little metallic crimes against humanity . My eyes were vomitting left and right . But I knew that we had stumbled upon a goldmine , because Michelle heard us laughing from another section in the store and came to see what the fuss was about . You know you have something good when your friends hear you laughing in a store the size of a football field . We had found a dress that was perfect for her , and begged her to try it on . She knew looking at it that it was perfect and that it was going to fit her too . We will do anything for comedy . So she tried it on and the fucking thing fit her like a glove . If it were 1987 and she was going to her prom , this might be what she would have bought , it fit her that well . Shit she almost made it look good . So now that she was in , Sonia and I had to find dresses that were equally atrocious , which was n't hard . Within 20 minutes all three of us were standing around the changing rooms laughing hysterically and admiring how bad we looked . `` Are we really going to do this ? '' Sonia asked . You could tell that each of us privately hoped the other would back out . There was no way in hell any of us would dress this way alone . `` I 'll do it if you do it . '' was the standard response . Of course we did it . Like I said , anything for the sake of comedy . Sonia picked up something for her boyfriend Dean , and we were laughing our way back to the car . *** 5 hours later we were at Sonia 's house and all dressed up and ready to go . When I figure out how to get pics up here I will show you , but for now you will have to rely on my description of what we looked like : Sonia Clearly looked the best by today 's stanbdards . Actually she looked almost like Madonna in the Like A Virgin video . Her dress was shell pink and had two layers . First was the silky layer and on top was this layer of lace . It buttoned up to her neck and had long sleeves with puffy shoulders , it was hideous . She bought a satin pink clutch purse to go with it , and tied her hair in a side ponytail that she teased the shit out of . Unfortunately she did n't get any shoes so she wore her red Globes , which sort of gave her away . Michelle Michelle looked the most authentic . Her dress had long sleeves , with a black velour bodice , and magenta satin ruffle skirt complete with large bow in the front and white beaded tassles strategically placed at the seams . Her shoulders were 5 inches high with puffiness . She teased the shit of her hair and got this enormous cowlick too , it was at least 4 inches high . She got this godawful purple purse to go with it . Again , she did n't bother buying any shoes for the occassion so was wearing these brown bowling style shoes , which gave her away . Me I looked the worst . When we went to buy beer at the depanneur near Sonia 's place , these people who were attending another party kind of laughed at us for a bit . One of them thought I was in drag at first . Yep , when a guy thinks you 're in drag , you know you are not sexy . My dress was the most hideous of them all , a metallic blue , shin length long sleeved nightmare . It had a two inch wedge of foam in each shoulder , which created the illusion that I could play for the Montreal Allouettes . The dress had two really bad qualities . One , the triangle of missing material in the back so that my back was exposed , and not in a good way , and two , the fact that it was a-line from tits to hips so it kind of made me look like a door wearing a skirt . Seriously , everything that I hate about my body was highlighted by wearing this dress , and everything I like about my body was either hidden or overshadowed . *** Given that I am single , this story has 2 points : 1 ) that I am very very brave , and 2 ) I was not getting laid that night . *** Along with my dress I wore these really tacky , fake gold , sea shell shaped earrings , and carried this black and fake-gold clutch purse . Again , no shoes , so had to wear my red Roxys . My hair was in a high , side ponytail with really big bangs and I even gave myself a fake mole a la Madonna . In other words , I am a complete loser with no sense of dignity . *** I really should have predicted this , it 's so fitting , but no one else at the party dressed up except for this one guy who wore a dangly earing and aviator glasses a la George Michael , and this chick who wore a banana yellow outfit complete with patent leather yellow pumps . So Michelle , Sonia and I stuck out like three really big shouldered freaks . But we did manage to make it look cool , and that 's what really matters . In fact , those people we met at the dep near Sonia 's house ended up coming to the party because they thought , hey , if these chicks are dressed like that , it has to be cool . And it was . 