If you read my last two posts you might have picked up on the fact that I have decided to try to become a Big Sister here in Montreal . It was a decision I made sometime last week after mulling it over for a few months , and I am totally excited to see what happens with my application . The application process was really easy . No questions about whether or not I have murdered anyone . Yay ! Seriously though , I have wanted to volunteer for some time now . I find myself to be a an extemely selfish person , and it 's the only way I can think of to try and balance that out . I think that Big Brothers / Big Sisters is a great organization , and guess what , they can use a lot of help , so if you have a few hours a week to spare why do n't you try volunteering too ? They are in much greater need for male volunteers , so guys let 's make with the goodwill shall we ? The process is pretty simple . First you fill out an application , then you have an interview . I have n't been called in for one yet , but I imagine that 's when they will ask all the good stuff like whether or not I have any mental problems ( none that I know of ) , whether or not I have been convicted for anything ( nope ) and what my interests are so they can pair me up with a kid whose interests are similar to mine . I hope I get a little punk rocker so I can tell her how much Avril sucks and try to get her into the Lunachicks or something . Or maybe she will be on a hockey team and I can go check out her games because I love hockey but I really really hate the NHL now . I wanted to boycott two years ago when the fucking Anaheim Mighty Ducks made it to the playoffs and then last year was just like the icing on the cake for me . Tampa Bay Lightening ? ! ? WTF people ? Here are two teams belonging to states that have no snow and no ice , which means that they should not have hockey . But that 's another rant altogether . Jeez I guess I better stop with the swearing or they will never let me volunteer . *** It will be so cool . On the weekend I can take her out to lunch and then we can go get our nails done and then I can take her to museums and stuff . We will have a blast . I can buy her stuff for her birthday and do her hair and I can give her career advice and encourage her talents . Especially if she has a talent for writing , like I did when I was young . OMG I could put her drawings up on my fridge and be cheezy/cool like they are in the commercials ! Would n't that be awesome ? I hope they think I am mature enough for this . Keep your fingers crossed for me . 