Have you seen that commercial for Skittles yet , the one where Grandma flashes the 15 year old kid in a fit of candy induced insanity ? Yeah well if you have n't let me break it down for you : The scene : An elderly couple 's living room . You can tell by the serious lack of vibrant color and the doillies everywhere . I think the main color is beige . And the couch ? It 's brown and just reeks of a visit to your grandmother , you could almost smell the mothballs . There is an old phonograph playing some crooner style music ( think Honeymooners theme song ) which is hilarious because our grandparents all still love their phonographs . Yeah . In this archaic museum of sadness and tragedy we call their living room , we find Grandma and Grandpa . They 're old . They have poochie little bellies and are wearing varying shades of grey and beige . Also they are both wearing cardigans , the uniform of the elderly right ? In classic marketing attention to detail , one is sitting in a settee and the other in an arm chair because old people who have been married for more than 3 or 4 years intrinsically hate each other and do not want to sit too close . Which is why there is a collective AW ! from society when we see old people holding hands and still loving each other but that 's another rant altogether . Visiting them is a dashing young 15 or 16 year old kid . You can tell he 's dashing by the sporty ensemble in bright colors he is wearing on his perfectly sporty , wholesome looking body . I 'm telling you , attention to detail folks . He 's sitting on a couch , facing Grandpa and Grandma . There is a tense-ness between them that indicates that they are not related ( because of they were , it would be weird ... .actually , it would be knee deep in Kerouac 's mother 's territory . ) So someone ( I 'm guessing the kid ) pours a bag of Skittles ( and the colors pop like gumballs in a sea of grey ladies and gentleman , you got ta love marketing ) into a fucking candy dish ( because if old people love anything , it 's candy dishes ) and the next thing you see is one very old , very arthritic hand reach into the bowl and grab a bunch with an audible `` hm '' that says `` hm , bright little dots of candy . Interesting . Maybe these will make me forget that I am an 85 year old marketing tool . '' Next thing you know there 's Grandpa scratching with the record on the phonograph ( I 'm no expert here but I doubt you could get a decent sound from scratching a record on a phonograph , anyway ) and Grandma stands up to do a rap about how she 's a badass . And the kids of North America are screaming with glee because look how cool ! Grandma 's rapping ! But then bad gets worse . At the end of her little rap , Grandma grabs her blouse and cardigan in each arthritic hand and rips that fucker wide open for the kid to see . Okay , I 'm guessing ( praying ? ) that grandma is wearing a bra but still , dude 's face when she unleashes her girls is one of shock , disgust and fear . He gets up like a 15 year old boyscout and puts one of those couch doillies on her , to cover her up , and sits her down back into the arm chair like an accident victim . Meanwhile , in happy colors that make your retinas beg for mercy , Skittles is telling you to taste the rainbow . Hey Skittles : Why do n't you taste my ass you fucking arseholes ? ( understatement : ) I have a few problems with this ad . For one , I think that we as a society should have more respect for our elderly than that . In a world where there are literally six million ways to die , I respect the shit out of people who manage to make it 80 years without kicking the bucket . These geysers obviously have one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel , giving Death the big Fuck You . The least we can do is not make them flash their grandkids during a visit . Seriously . And if I see one more grandma rapping I swear to god I will unleash a fury unparalleled . And believe me boys , I can do it . *** Another problem I have is that the woman 's hands are fucking gnarled with arthritis . Her fingers are practically curved for crying out loud . It must have hurt her , physically hurt this poor woman 's hands , to do this commercial . The next time you see this ad , look at her hands and think about all the takes she would have had to do to get the fucking scene right . I want to vomit with rage just thinking about it . I hate it so much I would boycott Skittles if I thought they were good enough to be worth boycotting . As it stands I associate Skittles with carsickness and have n't had any in at least 10 years . Colorful bite sized shit pellets as far as I 'm concerned . *** Some of my friends think the commercial is hilarious and claim to have almost peed when they saw it the first time . I guess that 's what Skittles was going for . These friends , the Pro-Flashers , think I should grow a sense of humour about it . People really . If anyone on this planet has a sense of humour it 's me . I just do n't think that old ladies should be used as marketing tools . In fact , I resent that before this commercial made it to air , before the shoot even , a group of people in business suits sat around a big black table and actually had a conversation about how great it would be to have an old woman flashing some teenager for a commercial , and that the majority of them thought it was a good idea . That 's what I resent the most . That these suit wearing , Toyota Corolla driving , palm pilot using , adultering , fishing on the weekends and playing golf in the morning fuckers had the nerve to discuss this commercial idea , have a good laugh , pat themselves on the fucking back and say Yep , this ones a keeper . 