The weekend came like a young lover from the suburbs , too quick and without finesse . *** LOL *** Seriously though . I had been invited by a friend of mine to attend this corporate rape of a dinner at Moishes and had eagerly accepted but with some hesitatation . Moishes -- for those of you who do n't live in Montreal or have never been here -- is a pretty famous steakhouse where a filet mignon with nothing else on your plate costs 50 big ones and a side order of brocoli costs 10 . I had never been there , but then again , I have never really been anywhere . So I said to Michelle `` Sure I 'll go , hey what can I say , free Moishes . '' *** So after shopping like a madman for something to wear to what I thought would be a pretty la dee da kind of dinner , and subsequently finding nothing , I went home , threw a curve hugging `` me-ow ! '' kind of dress on , some strappy heels and jumped in a cab with my equally fabulous friend . We sauntered in the place ( well ... you ca n't really saunter with strappy needle-thin heels on , but you get the point ) and did the whole classic stand at the entrance with your best `` I 'm wayyyyyyy too cool for this `` pout-face on and scanned the bar for a friendly face . *** `` Dan ! Hi ! '' Michelle said , her face brightening up into a controlled smile . She walked over to this leathery slick-haired old man with her hand out like they were meeting to discuss shares or something and that this was her office . I walked obediently behind her , not knowing what role I should play for this game . I waited to be introduced . Finally , after they had said their hellos , Michelle stepped aside and said `` This is my good friend Eve . '' Dan , whoever he was , took my hand , looked me in the eye and with a coy little smile asked me if I was Michelle 's lesbian lover . Blink . `` She wishes . '' I responded . *** 2 things : One , WHAT THE FUCK PEOPLE ? First someone thinks I 'm in drag , now I am a lesbian lover ? Why ? ? ? WHY ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Second , I should have known . I mean if the first thing a man says to me is hi , I think you 're a lesbian , you have a pretty good idea how the rest of the night is going to go . *** Okay so back to `` yeah she wishes . '' Michelle looks a little shocked , I mean this is a la dee da kind of affair , I guess I 'm supposed to be demure or something ? But she laughs because what else can you expect from me , seriously now . You can dress me up and take me wherever but hope I do n't talk , that 's all I 'm saying . Dan kind of raises an eyebrow and is surprised for a moment . He smiles , says , `` well I thought you might be lovers . '' To which I respond , in my element now , `` I 'm too well dressed to be a dyke . '' Of course I am referring to my dress and it is a joke . I am trying to be funny , change the subject , get away . He looks at my dress and says , `` Yes you look ravishing . '' `` Thanks , '' I say , unsure as to whether he is making fun of me or not . I decide that he is n't , he 's just being a dirty old man . The introductions are being done slowly . Each of these men has his own special way of leering . I prepare myself for quite a night . Finally Michelle and I get the chance to order some wine , we take sips from our glasses and are quiet alone for a moment . `` Am I doing okay ? '' I ask from the corner of my mouth . `` Yes . '' ' `` Do I look okay ? '' `` Yes . '' `` Do I really look like a lesbian ? '' `` Yes . '' I love Michelle . *** Okay so we start filtering into the dining room where a long , thin table has been set up for us . We are a group of about 14 or 16 , who knows . One of the dirty old men holds my waist and tells me that the seating arrangements will have to be girl / guy / girl / guy . Which is hilarious because Michelle and I are the only two women there . But anyway this particular dirty old man , we 'll call him Yellow Shirt , sits between us . But a gentleman at first , holding out our chairs and seating us ( which was nice . Not enough guys do that . ) I am clinging to my wine . All around me are men in pastel shirts , except for one . He is sitting directly in front me me , has bushy eyebrows , thick hairy arms and is obviously the man in charge here . He has a black shirt . He is the president of the affiliate company . He looks like a pouter . I know to be nice . A pouter , by the way , is a man who absolutely needs to get his own way / get the last word / be the funniest or he will punch hole in a wall . It would be cute if it were n't so scary . Pouters are the worst losers . If a Pouter gets the wrong order in a restaurant , he 's the one that wo n't say anything but who will kind of sigh and move food around on his plate rather than eat . He wants everyone to know how much his food sucks . If you turn down a Pouter 's advances in front of his friends , he will call you a lesbian , and then go out and buy a corvette . Anyway Pouters are scary . *** I 'm not sure how it happened but somehow the conversation went from me explaining what I do for a living to me explaining why I do n't wear underwear . Facts about underwear : 1 ) They serve no purpose for me . I have nothing to pin down hold up or hold in . Underwear are useless . 2 ) Granny Bums ( what I call panties ) are bulky and can be seen through whatever it is that you are wearing . There is nothing classy about underwear lines . I do n't care who you are . 3 ) Thongs are uncomfortable . An inch of lacy fabric in the crack of my ass for 12 hours a day ? NO THANKS . 4 ) I have no one to impress . If I had a man who liked underwear and liked to see me in them , I would wear them . I own a few pairs . I even own a garter belt , another one of those devices with no purpose . But as it stands , with my life the way it is now , it is much simpler just to go commando . FAQs No , I do not wear underwear even when wearing a short skirt . No , my skirt has never flown up and exposed my bare ass . No , I would not be embarassed if it did . No , I do not wear underwear when I work out . Yes , I get weird looks in the changing room . *** From there things went from bad to worse . Do n't forget , we 've all been drinking wine , and the dinner was about 2 hours long . After two hours of drinking good french wine and eating good fifty dollar steaks , things are bound get to a little casual . These guys are asking me questions that I have no idea how to answer . Like if I like to receive oral sex . What kind of qiestion is that ? ? ? I am the same age as some of their daughters I 'm sure , a fact I wanted to point out . But I held my tongue . Not my place , just grin and bear it . Thankfully I got a little peice of redemption by the end of the night when The Pouter was paying the bill and the maitre 'd came to tell him that he had a phone call . HA HA HA we all know what that means fucker : you should pay your Visa bill on time . Obviously my cue to leave . *** Michelle and I shared a cab with her colleague Lou and Yellow Shirt and ended up at this godawful bar called Winnie 's on Crescent Street . We were waiting for the rest of the dirty old men to show up . Winnie 's was playing poser rock from the early nineties , which was giving Yellow Shirt a hard on . He wanted to dance . He kept asking me to go up to the floor with him , by the 4th time turning him down I felt sort of bad and allowed myself to be pulled up to the makeshift dancefloor . I looked way too fabulous to be dancing with some old man at Winnies of all fucking places . Then Michelle 's boss showed up , this old puritan by day and sado-masochist by night type guy who smells like old money and looks British . At one point Lou fucked off , leaving Michelle and I with Boss and Yellow Shirt , dancing to early nineties cheeze rock . `` Michelle , you know everyone here thinks we 're escorts . '' I said when we sat back down . We looked around and knew I was right , I mean think about it , two hot 24 year old girls dressed to the gills with these two fucking geisers wearing pastel shirts and shaking their little asses to Springteen ... .my god what happened to us ? It was clearly time to go . We took the metro home , hugged at my front door and as I walked up the stairs into my normal life with my kitten and my book and my tv , I thought : thank god I have a life to go back to . 