Well I have one traumatic and one totally awesome thing to tell you guys about today : First of all I have 12 cavities . ( Oh yeah , that 's the traumatic part . ) The dentist looked me in the eye with this totally sad face and said `` How did you ever let this happen to yourself ? '' It was n't a question . I nearly burst into tears . It was a really ligitimate but really mean thing to say . He does n't know how poor I was and how my mother did n't care , how she never brought us to a dentist when we were kids . He does n't know that I could only afford to see a dentist like 3 years ago but by then there was so much wrong with my mouth that I was scared to face it . He does n't know that I have to take a fucking sedative to even enter his office . I should have splashed that plastic cup full of mouthwash in his face and marched out . But instead I felt tears well up in my eyes and in a moment of shame and weakness ( because really that 's how I feel about this ) I hung my head and said , barely audible , `` I know . '' So I have 12 cavities and I have to get one of my teeth pulled because it 's just crowding all of my other teeth . Having teeth pulled is the worst because even with your discman on and listening to the most raucus classical music , you can still hear it . From the inside . *** Yeah I listen to classical when I go to the dentist because I can close my eyes and it 's soothing somehow . Also I do n't know if you 've noticed but classical cds are over an hour long and they never get boring because there are no choruses . I usually listen to Mozart for anything involving a drill because there are no pauses ( hardly ) in most of his work so it 's crazy genius music the whole time and no silences . *** Okay so now for the happy totally kick ass thing . On my way to the dentist 's I stopped in the pet store on De L'Eglise and met the kitty of my dreams : She had these big big hazel eyes and was black and grey tabby , god she was cute . So I went up to her cage like a crazy old lady and said `` Hi munchkin ! '' in that sappy high pitched voice that people use when they are talking to babies , puppies and kittens . `` Look how cute you are , little munchkin , you 're only small ! '' I asked the lady at the counter how much she was and when I saw that I could afford her I said `` SOLD ! '' and paid for her right away . `` I wonder what I am going to call you ? '' I said into the cage as my transdaction as being drawn up . `` Munchkin sounds pretty good to me '' the lady at the counter said and I agreed . So I paid for her and told the lady I 'd be back after my dentist appointment and on my way to the dentist 's I was smiling like a crazy lady and thinking if Munchkin is really what I want to call my cat for the next 20 years . But it was too late . She will be Munchkin forever now . So her full name is Munchkin Sugarpuss because she is so sweet . I picked her up after the dentist 's and she filled my heart with so much joy that drills and dental fees and stupid hairy dentists that make me feel like crying were forgotten . *** Munchkin has these really long back legs so she walks kind of like a raptor . It 's really cute . She slept with me last night , which was nice , but she crapped in my bed , which is n't . Oh well . Kitten crap , it 's like the size of a spoonful of pudding and smells like bird seed . 