They call Wednesday Hump Day , but I can tell you ladies and gentlemen that it has been my experience that maybe 36 out of 52 times a year , this is false . *** Wednesday is the second worst day of the week . Contrary to popular beleif , Tuesday is the worst , beating Monday by a long shot . Here is why : Monday , you are fresh from the weekend and although you did n't sleep as much as you would any other day , you just slept in for like 2 days straight so it is n't that big of a deal . You know in the back of your mind that you will be sitting in an office for the next 40 hours of your life , and you are okay with that , because you are relaxed ... you most certainly got drunk over the weekend , you might have gotten laid but you at least probably masterbated like 4 times , you 're feeling pretty good . Tuesday is the worst because you are more tired , and you still have 32 hours of work left in your week . Minimum . But now you are less relaxed and the thought of spending the majority of your life in an office is n't as tolerable as it was the day before . It 's like the rest of your week is waving at you from a beach and going na na na na na na it 's only Tuesday . Sucker . Then Wednesday is a little bit better but not much because you ca n't say until like 1:00 in the afternoon that the week is half over . And then there 's the whole issue of calling it hump day which , as I said , is sadly often not the case . Thursday kicks ass as the 2nd best day of the week . For a lot of us , Thursday is Pay Day so that 's cool . Also it is a pretty good day to party , you 're not too tired yet from the week , and there is only one day to go until the weekend . Friday is overrated . It 's cool because if your office is nice and is likely to give you short days at work , chances are these days will fall on a Friday . But Fridays are always stressful at the office because of deadlines and preparing for the weekend , and then you 're too tired to party Friday night . Unless you take a nap . But Friday evening naps are the worst , they make you feel worse than had you not slept at all . Unless you are one of those people who can take 4 hour power naps and climb mountains or something . Of course you can always take drugs . But do n't . It 's bad for you . Anyway Fridays are the 3rd best day in the week . Saturday is the best day of the week because from the time you wake up to the time you go to bed , everything you do is completely up to you . There are no deadlines , no reasons to be awake , no reasons to do anything . You can sit on your couch naked for 3 hours eating ice cream and picking lint out of your belly button if you want to . And then that night , you get dressed up , throw some heels on and party like your life depends on it and it 's like you 're alive , really alive , for the first time in 7 days . Okay maybe I am exaggerating a bit but you have to admit , Saturday is pretty kick ass from start to finish . Sunday is the middle day , because you can wake up at whatever time you want and there are no deadlines . But it sucks a little too because Sunday is usually laundry/cleaning/grocery shopping etc day . Also Sunday is the day of hangovers , physical and emotional . If you did n't do anything that weekend this is the day to feel like a big fat loser and question your existence . Then again , if you did too much and woke up in some strange man 's bedroom with mascara all over your face and wondering what his name was , this is the day to feel bad about that too . *** So to recap , the days of the week , in order from best to worst are : 1-Saturday 2-Thursday 3-Friday 4-Sunday 5-Monday 6-Wednesday 7-Tuesday 