That 's where I went today with my Mom , one of the best days I 've had since coming back . I love the city . I love that city . So , we headed down ( compliments of my driving , naturally ) and after visiting my Great Grandma at her `` older-people 's home '' ( which was so nice , she 's such a sweetly forgetful queen ) we headed up to the heart of Toronto , via Queen St. East . Then drove by the university I want to go to next year ... if I 'm accepted . And around that area , checking out possible houses and stuff , since I wo n't be living in residence ( that university has none ) and I wo n't be living at home ( commuting is NOT an option ) . I was so excited to see where I 'll hopefully be in a year . I 'm so excited to start `` life '' ! ( or mine at least ) And then we went up to Spadina and Kensington area , which is one of my favourite parts of Toronto ( plus the Harbourfront , memories ... and Queen Street West ) , checking out stores/deals/whatever . We found an excellent wok for none-other-than Japanese cooking , and an excellent knife just cuz we need a new one . Then we just wandered in and out of stores on Spadina , which is incredibly close to my aunt 's condo , and my cousin 's , but he 's in Yokohama right now . We also drove past my ( different ) uncle 's house and cafe . My family is awesome . Anyways , we checked out some sweet textile stores , and Asian food stores . Not to mention , my favourite , a Japanese store , with everything shipped straight from there . It was crazy to walk in and see all the products , edible and not , that I 'd spent the last year familiarizing myself with , it almost seems more 'normal ' to me than some Canadian foods . So we bought some , POCKY , and continued on our way ... which lead to a wicked art store , where I bought a cute little palette , cheap but handy . This summer I want to experiment with oils . I 've already got some books from the library and we 'll see how it goes . Anyone want to volunteer to model ? Actually , I work better from photos anyways . I ca n't stop thinking about university , but I 'm not even accepted ... I have n't even applied , wait , not even in Grade 12 ... aaaah , all this excitement energy better be focused into making a sweet portfolio . And if I do n't get accepted at Choice A , then I 'll hopefully get accepted somewhere else . I can be a light anywhere . Righteo then , sometimes I wish I had a British accent , or Australian , like back in the day ... oh well , I could always pick it up again when Australians visit my house this summer ( old old friends , I 'm so excited for that too ! ) . EXCITED IS MY THEME . IN LIFE . ( imoto e , sore wa watashitachi no jodan desu ! ) and now for the reason I titled this post what it is titled . After being in a single culture country for so long , I appreciate Toronto 's ( insert adjective here that I ca n't think of cuz all that 's in my head is Japanese-tatoeba kono tango : hontou ) multiculturalism . I was in a store where the Asian ( Korean to omou ) storekeeper was conversing with an European ( I thought she was Scandinavian ) customer , both talking in English , both with thick accents from wherever they were from , both understanding the other perfectly and the whole situation seeming so natural to me . We take it for granted cuz we grow up with situations like that . I really appreciate our spectrum of cultures . I am a part of it . EXCITED ! 