A market is never saturated with a good product , but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one . urlLink Henry Ford I have seen many critic sites about Quixtar . Almost all of them criticize the urlLink tool scam , urlLink lies told to public , vulture type prospect hunting , invitation to secret….err… open meetings , upline push for volume and tools , overpriced products etc . Oh boy , just type in the word urlLink Quixtar in google.com and it will open a can of worms ! Don ’ t forget to visit the second link , its more important than first one ; ) First one is behind the password so you can ’ t do much there . : ) Even some of the critics said that products are good . Overpriced , but good . When I was in the business , I religiously believed so . Like the majority of IBOs does . I ’ ve left the business , but I ’ m still in good terms with my sponsor . I was there this Sunday night to return some things ( yeah ! tapes ) . I really like that couple . I doubt if they are making any money though , as they go to US for conferences every other month . I really wanted to help them . I heard about XS a lot . I am their client for 2 products ( Glister toothpaste , Fuel Freedom ) and they give me IBO price . Cool eh ! I asked for XS and bought a Cranberry XS for 2.5 CAD bucks . I was thinking that in office , I have to chug down crapy coffee with a lot of sugar , XS will be cool . Sweet , low in carbs and stuffed with vitamins . I ’ ll be more healthy and I might be able to help this good couple by promoting it to some of my fat colleagues : ) I tried it when I came home . I wan na sing “ Nausea heartburn upset stomach indigestion diarrhea , yea pepto-bismol '' . Yeah ! It tasted so much like it ! Pepto-bismol + cough medicine ! I asked my sister to taste it . Her taste buds always work opposite than mine . She said the same thing ! And it gets better , after two hours my belly starts speaking “ Thump thump thump ” . Has any one seen that cute ad ? I don ’ t know if my stomach got fired up because of XS or not . But taste was crapy for sure . I ’ m not gon na try another brand , and forget about promoting it ! My friends would kill me ! And I remember the products I tried because of the “ promotion ” of upline . Strawberry shake , vanilla shake , protein bars . A big YUCK ! These damn shakes are allergic to water , they doesn ’ t mix ! I bought a Trim advantage shaker glass for 15 bucks , ( which should be 3 bucks max ) to mix them . Mixing is another story . After some use , it start smelling so bad ! Washed it with LOC dish drops , than with name brands . Smell won ’ t go ! And protein bars , don ’ t get me started ! I only liked chocolate coconut food bar . Also tried Dry-cleaner secret . It DOESN ’ T clean ! Just kills the smell of sweat . I remember trying ginseng . I was 25 year old and boy ! My mojo was un-necessarily high ! I ’ m scared to even name that vitamin now . Sure , some products are good . I won ’ t compare them with other name brands . One thing I know , in my self consumption of 300 PV , I was spending $ 650 extra . Here ’ s the math . 300 PV = 300 * 2.5 = $ 750 Redirection saving from wal-mart = $ 100 Extra money spent on products every month = $ 750 - $ 100 = $ 650 Retail , what retail ? We were sponsored by saying that `` there is no sales ! Just buy for yourself and tell others to do the same '' . Retail was scorned in every quest by saying that it will not be a repeat business . Even if you do the recommended retail of 50 PV using client cost it will be : Retail Revenue = 50 * 3 = 150 I am using $ 3 / PV as it 's client cost . Extra money spent = $ 650 - $ 150 = $ 500 Good lucks selling Quixtar items at client cost ! It 's hard enough to sell at IBO cost ! Also , how many people have been in and out of Amway | Quixtar since 1959 ? According to urlLink http : //amquix.info it is 40 million . Many of them would have tried some of these products . If products were THAT good and concentrated , won ’ t they be buying from Quixtar ? If they are , than why sales are decreasing from $ 7B to $ 4.5 B since 1997 ? ( Source : urlLink http : //amquix.info , Quixtar public releases ) A final note : NO McDonalds owner always eats only from McDonalds ! Talk about loyal to your own business ! And who is pictured in every secret…err.. open meeting ? McDonalds ! Founder of franchising ! Mr. Ray Crok . He was a genius , but IBOs are Idiots ! 