If you want to make your dreams come true , the first thing you have to do is wake up . J. M. Power Hello all IBOs out there . You guys have some faith ! I mean some real serious faith . Can you prove Quixtar works ? Can you prove this “ Motivational Business ” is not a scam ? I dare ya ! Come to this Forum urlLink http : //www.quixtarblog.com/forum and defend the “ System ” . Invite your diamonds to come there as well . After all , they have all the time in the world don ’ t they ? Ask them to do all IBOs a favor and defend their scam….err business . That is an open forum , and as far as I ’ ve experienced , no one deletes any post unless it contains profane language . Express yourself there . Prove the critics wrong . Prove Quixtar is not ripping people off . Prove majority of people succeed in Quixtar . I dare ya ! At any give time , 99.9 % of you are losing money . That ’ s right ! I am not talking about those little cheques you are receiving from Quixtar . I ’ m talking about those cheques – system costs – cost of buying all those expensive products . That ’ s right , a simple business formula . Profit = Gross profit – expenses Don ’ t tell me you are at this pin level or that ping level . Tell me , how much profit you are making ? Calculate all your expenses honestly and tell me , are you making any money ? I ’ ll make it simple . Don ’ t tell me , tell yourself . I read in a standing order book : “ Definition of insanity is doing same thing over and over again expecting different result ” . Here is other news ! Just one in every 342 IBOs qualified as a Q12 platinum . Source : Quixtar reported 1461 Q12 's . Here is what I ’ ve found in this site : Can Any Amway/Quixtar ’ s cult explain any of the following : Quote from the above site : ( Amquix.info ) Chance of becoming a millionaire from Quixtar : 0.022 % Total number of Millionaire households in America : 4-6 % Amquix.info Quote : Quixtar seems to be for the people with IQ less than 70 or 60 . Otherwise why would the percentage of IBOs who are millionaire is lower than that of the entire US as a whole ? One would be much better off by being just another person in the crowd of 270 million people of the US than being an IBO of Amway/Quixtar . Source : urlLink http : //www.amquix.info 