Hello guys ! As you have seen that I am doing some research on these sneaky MLMs for a while , especially mother of all ... ... MLMs , Quixtar . I have came across with some sites which are , or at least claim to be , Neutral . These websites says that they research mostly neutral people , get an outsider perspective or at least hear from the people who saw the plan first time . Many critics start writing that “ I am not a bitter , failed IBO . However… ” What ’ s wrong with being bitter ? Bitter means some one who had a bad experience and now s/he feels he was tricked into something not worthy of time and money . So ? For me a bitter or failed person is a much better source of information than any oh-so-precious outsiders , who don ’ t know jack about Quixtar . Please understand , Quixtar and its AMQOs ( BWW etc . ) are very secretive . Chances for outsiders knowing something are pretty slim . In their outsider analysis , they skip many things that they never knew and make some blunders . I am not saying that a bitter person should be the only source of information . However he should not be dismissed altogether . Who would you talk to about suffering of war ? A war victim / veteran or some bubbly celebrity who can ’ t even spell war . ( Or at least pretend they can ’ t ) I am also annoyed by these self righteous hypocritical sneaky fellas called journalists . I have read in many sites owned by journalist that how they dismiss ‘ bitter ’ IBOs and seek out only for the ‘ Neutral ’ information about Quixtar . So they can put ‘ Neutral ’ and ‘ Un Biased ’ information on their site / newspaper . Oh really ! So journalists try real hard to be un-biased ? I don ’ t think so ! They do give news a spin . They do express their opinions . How much fucked up CNN is ? They make up stories . They spread rumors . They publish whatever sells ( non-profit sites are exempt ) . Do they do it all the time ? No . Do they never do it ? Nope ! I am not making an anti-journalist point , all I am saying is if they can ‘ express ’ their opinions , what is wrong considering a failed , bitter IBOs opinions ? I mean what the fuck ! For me Bitter IBOs opinions value much more than outsider opinions . Also , they don ’ t seem very straight forward to me . I don ’ t know if they are paid for the words they write or asses they kiss or whatever ( with the exemption of non-profit sites ) . For example , I have not heard a lot of news ppl saying that War on Iraq was a clear aggression of a superpower against a poor , helpless country who ’ s dictator was appointed by America itself and he was used many times for the benefit of America ! How many American journalists have said that ? All they say is , “ Uh…Intelligence gave wrong report…umm Mr. President Almighty did what the report said….guards did not know about Geneva conventions , they did not know forcing prisoners to have sex with each other and taking their pictures is not right . Prison guards did a very tough job…..blah blah God bless America blah blah Long live the Queen blah blah terrorism is bad blah blah oil-ism is good . Shut the Fuck up ! Just say what you , I and the whole world know pretty damn well ! Why are you sugar quoting it ? What you are doing is putting ketchup on a crap and forcing public to eat it , and say ‘ yum ’ after it ! Similarly , these same damn journalists ( TV and Newspaper ones ) , apparently knowing the abuses done by Quixtar and it ’ s daddies , Motivational Organizations , keep putting news , “ Quixtar products are good , XS has a new flavor , Quixtar in Spanish , blah blah . Shut the fuck up ! It ’ s like saying “ American soldiers killed and are still killing many innocent people , but their weapons were not tested on animals ” . If you don ’ t have any testicoli , get some backbone at least ! I know there was a recent media coverage about Quixtar / BWW in dateline . Compare it to the percentage of the ‘ positive ’ news about Quixtar . Millions losing Billions , press kept dildo in their mouths . Quixtar buys some team or give some charity , dildos are out and cheers are published . All I am asking is , publish the whole picture . Quixtar did something good , publish it . They fooled millions of ppl , publish it ! Keep the fucking balance ! 