When I look back into my entire Quixtar venture , I find out how this all was done 'orally ' . From prospecting to training , all verbal . It made me think that why is there so much emphasizes on oral communication . Why I am not given some written material ? There are some written brochures and sites but the total 'writing ' I encountered was less than the words I have written here . And I am just one person with a job , two cats and a 12 year old brother ! BWW alone has many employees and more than 100 , 000 IBOs . It just seems odd to me that a business who emphasis on saving time via duplication , and calls its model 'franchising ' , will expect the IBOs to do all the talking and no writing / internet . Sure one ca n't completely avoid talking ; specially the sales guys , but just get some balance here . There are many advantages from an IBO point of view of keeping the business 'Oral ' . No record of outrageous claims Intimidation Ease to avoid hard questions Building and manipulating friendships Peer pressure These tactics were used on us and many other ppl . When I talk to my sponsor , I respect his age ( he is as old as my father ) . I have a hard time telling him he is involved in a scam . I also end up agreeing with him to stop the conversation . When I told I quit , my upline kept talking to me on the phone for 1.5 hours . I was at work ! Finally I said ok I 'll go to the seminar and I ’ ll do whatever you want me to do . Which I did n't : ) But the point is , if someone just keeps talking , the other person will surrender with a lame excuse as s/he would be bored as hell ! Also , after realizing I had no receipts for tapes , seminars etc . ( BSM Return policy eh ! ) . I now understand why ! ! I ca n't even file a complaint claiming my upline said this . I have no proof ! I love email and written material . I can copy | paste and reply it very easily , at my own CONVENIENCE . I can think well before answering and my answer will not be based on intimidation , pressure , emotion or boredom . Well , mostly ! I can back up my claims with URLs . I may also ask for proof / stats and research on them easily . IBOs are fed with so much tape talk . They use it day in day out while a normal person need some time to prepare his / her response . Which is not so easy in 1-1 conversation . Another thing is friendship . Human beings , at least me has a weakness to avoid direct confrontation to an apparently friendly person . I seek out to find a mutual ground where we both can agree so I can get the hell out : ) In writing I find myself brutally honest and questioning every thing , including myself . I am becoming quite a fan of open discussion forums . I dare ya all IBOs ! ! COREs , Eagles , Platinums , Diamonds and CAMs . Start an open discussion forum . Invite EVERY ONE there . Moderate profane language only but that 's it . On second though , no . Do n't even moderate that . Some one using profane language just make himself look bad . Let every one know about that forum , and then prove them wrong . Can you ? Can you hold yourself their ? Are you a winner big enough ? Are you secure enough ? I am challenging ya ! 