I have never killed a man , but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure . urlLink Clarence Darrow They Say : In these seminars , all diamonds get together to teach the IBOs . These seminars are very important as you ’ ll get a boost in your business after attending them . If you don ’ t then you ’ ll never grow . Translation : Let ’ s say 20,000 IBOs attended FED . And Lets say they pay ticket of $ 85 / head . This equals to $ 1,650,000 . This will be distributed in 20 or so diamonds , every one taking a hefty share . Diamonds give you a code to book the hotel room . They buy rooms at cheaper price and sell you , some times more than the regular rent . Every diamond has their own code used by their team . I ’ ll quote a buddy of mine DMM from urlLink quixtarblog here who has done some convention work : I 've done some convention work , and you would be surprised what kind of deals you can make , especially if you are willing to go in the off-season . If you can guarantee and deliver just 10 hotel rooms , most hotels will give you a 25 % discount per room and a free suite . If you can guarantee 100 rooms , you are talking about 50 % off advertised rates and several free suites . At 4 people/room , we are only talking about a convention of 400 people . If a room is advertised at $ 120/night , even at a discounted price of $ 75/night , if a diamond charges each participant $ 50/night , he is getting $ 200/night for a room that only costs him $ 75 . Multiply by one hundred rooms , and it can add up to a nice chuck of change , not to mention , the diamond gets his room for free ! And yes , many facilities will waive rental costs , including hotels and other venues . Simply , more money can be made with concessions ( why do you think you ca n't take your own food in with you ) and/or parking . Some cities might even waive a fee for a cut of what is sold on the property during the convention ( tools and other crap sold at functions ) . I suggest next time you hear of a function and of the costs , call up the hotel where they are staying and ask what the advertised rates are for the same time period ( or do some web searching on Expedia/Travelocity/etc . ) and see what rate you can get . Also ask how much the rooms would cost if were going to get 10 rooms ? 25 rooms ? 100 rooms ? Just say you are doing some convention research . You will find that the diamonds charge outrageous room prices . At similar hotels , IBO 's are paying for a weekend , what I used to get for a full week ( including weekend ) for a room . The difference ? I was working with a non-profit that did not overcharge and keep the difference , whereas the big pins are . Also , there are many times when the city will allow you to use their convention center or stadium for free because of all the business generated through the functions ( hotels/car rentals/food , etc ) . Many people confirmed this . Which means , whatever we are paying , hotel + seminar ticket , most of it is going straight in diamonds pocket , as they hardly have to pay for any expense . And now , what is in these seminars any way ? Same hype ? You pay so much money to hear the same crap over and over again ? They compare it to college , BULL CRAP . In college you study new thing EVERY day . You go ealry , sleep late . If you are eagle , you got ta skip one night sleep . Rush for the seat . Laugh at same old stupid jokes . Stand up , clap and hear same stories again . And the numbers , how mnay people who go to these seminars make it up on stage ? Most of them are not there next time any way . And here is a big secret . Many people on stage are not currently qualified diamonds either . A Big whoop ! urlLink Click here to find out the truth . I have a better idea . Instead of going to a seminar , take your girlfriend / wife out for camping . If you are young and healthy , canoe up to an Island if you can . Leave computers , movies and books all distractions behind . Take enough food for 2,3 days and just be with her . Talk to her . Re-connect . Enjoy what you have and realize you have something so precious . You 'll feel better than a diamond on your way back . 