I know I have to complete the Quixtar info series I started but I am getting the revelation now ... what can I do ? So here is the most honest Quixtar plan . I challenge you to find a more honest Quixtar plan on earth ! And it ’ s brief too . Trust me ! I had seen 2 hours long plans . As much as I hate you , I would never do that to you . So here it goes : The Plan Hello guys . My name does n't matter , so is yours . I 'm here to explain you the Quixtar plan . That ’ s right , Q-U-I-X-T-A-R , the same shitty company , illegitimate child of pimpish Amway . I wo n't waste your time in a ridiculous dream building mumbo jumbo . I know you ’ re greedy all right . Here is a circle , that ’ s you . Now all you have to do is pimp out your friends and family . When you run out of them you got ta find the other suckers . Y'all know this world is full of suckers who are as greedy as you are and will come running when they ’ ll hear money . Now you find some losers and bring them to the meeting . Some morons will join you , some wo n't . How many jackasses do you know ? A List : Ok let ’ s start how to pimp out your friends and family first . This is easy stuff as you already know their weaknesses . What about your sister who just got divorced and looking for an opportunity to meet people ? And your uncle Joe , who talks to himself since his wife died ? How about your mom and dad who are way too lonely since you do n't give a shit about them anymore ? They 'll do anything to have your company wo n't they ? Just get their butts on the seat and any moron will be happy to kiss their asses and sell them this shit . You follow up with them and there is your pimping out part . Harass , beg or yell , get those retards sign up . B List : How about your colleagues who just got laid off ? They ’ ve got some good severance shit and very eager to invest it wisely . Get them ! Tell them to bring their portfolios etc . They 'll come running ! Invite them to the conference . You know they got the money to go there . After the conference those idiots will have no choice since they ’ ve spent most of their severance . Now they got to screw other people to get their money back . Sweet eh ! And remember these seminars are where the gold is hidden ! Seminars , books and tapes . C List : By the time you have screwed these people , you 'll be a real tough sunuvabitch ready for the fresh meat . Go to the mall . Look out for the snobs wearing good dresses and fat wallets . Find an excuse to chat with them . Aim is to get their phone number . Hide if you have to , and corner them when you can so they have to talk to you . Do n't let them go until they give you their phone numbers . Then call them . Do n't EVER put the phone down until they agree to meet you . Now show them the plan ! Training : How to further squeeze these ass holes ? Simple ! Same cycle again , pimp em out till they order ! Beg , harass or yell and beat the PV out of them ! Keep selling seminars , tapes and book . Those are shitty alright , but they 'll keep the suckers longer . Smart ones of these morons will start doing what you are doing , i.e . pimping other ppl out and squeezing their wallets by beating the PV out of them . You got to have a real tough skin , be a stubborn sunnuvabitch and teach other people to be the same . I wo n't waste your time in showing you the numbers , as they all are in that stupid looking file I gave ya . As much as I doubt your intelligence , I know you can understand those numbers . It 's a pyramid , idiot ! As simple as that . And if you have n't figured out yet , products are just a decoy . Tapes , book and seminars are the real money maker . You need to move enough products to qualify for that ( tool ) money . Get more ppl to go on top , and suck their blood as long as you can . Be a Dracula , go Diamond . Do n't EVER tell any body about the return policy of the tools ! It 's just to keep the feds away . Now , sign up , pah-lease ! Else I wo n't let ya go ... ... 