As long as the world shall last there will be wrongs , and if no man objected and no man rebelled , those wrongs would last forever . urlLink Clarence Darrow They say : Books make you a better person . The moment you stop learning , you stop growing . Not all the readers are leaders , but all the leaders and readers . Tapes : There are conferences all over the North America all the time . One can ’ t be at all conferences , so BWW releases tapes so every one can benefit from them . Be on standing order , one book a month and one tape a week program . This is an eagle step and it will help you a lot to build this business . Translations : SCAM ! Cost of production of a tape , $ 1 CAD MAX ! They charge $ 10 . They get books at discount from Amazon as they order in bulk , and sell you at retail . Try ordering 1000 books from Amazon , and see how much discount you get ! They charge you much more than that price . Standing order is $ 50 - $ 70 CAD / month . FTC said any product which has no end customers should not be sold to the participants . I ’ d venture to say 70 – 80 % of diamond income come from the tools . When I was in the business , none of the weasels told me the return policy of this dumb shit . I didn ’ t know so I didn ’ t tell my downline . After I joined urlLink http : //www.quixtarblog.com then I learned BSMAA return policy . Many poor people are forced to sell these items on eBay . Scroll down urlLink http : //amquix.info/ and see the tapes on sale in eBay . It reflects the hard earned income , lesser kids meals and missed husband wife fun . Help your business , my ass . Many IBOs , who are still in , says that these books make you a better person etc . Listen dumb ass , who the fuck is criticizing books ? It ’ s the push and rip-off I am talking about . If those blood suckers want the best for you , why on earth they are charging you retail on the books which they get in discount ? And tapes : What they do : Promote system / products and demote EVERY thing else . They bash jobs , outside business friends and family , other businesses , every thing . How are they helping on any thing other than the business ? Oh and are they helping in the business ? Tell me the numbers . Tell me , how many people who are listening to tapes make profit ? Or even break even . Tell me how according to their tax returns . Not the net income box , the profit box . Are they in red or above it ? Back it up with solid numbers . Fact : Majority , I ’ d say 99 % have lost time and money on them . Fact : Millions have lost Billions because of this scam . Fact : People profiting for tool business are sick blood suckers who ’ ll not hesitate to steal your kids meal if it ‘ need to be done ’ and will screw their own mother by pushing tapes on her . To be continued ... 