I am writing three part ‘ info ’ what is required by an IBO . First one will explain the 9 core steps . Second will explain the time required to be an IBO , 3rd one will explain the expenses of an IBO . Nine core steps are being taught to every IBO . Any one serious building this business should do these steps . This involve time , and money ! Nobody has earned any money from Quixtar without having a team following these steps , or most of these steps . I have n't seen any body being able to get enough bonus by avoiding them . People who are following these core steps are called CORE . Whatever your targets are , either to make millions or just have a second income , these core steps are a must . You wo n't make any money if you do n't have a downline doing most of these steps . And to have your downline doing it , you have to do them . So here are the 9 core steps . I ’ ll divide them in two entries . 1 ) STP ( Show the plan , share the plan ) They say : To show the plan 3-5 times a week . This STP could be either to your prospects or to your downline ’ s prospect . Unless you start showing the plan yourself , not many people will join you . Your worst plan is the one you did not show and your best plan gon na be the next one . Showing the plan is done by 3 ways : Invite prospects to the open , one-on one or home meeting . Translation : At least 4 evenings of your week are gone . These 3-5 plans mean ‘ your ’ prospect , your downline prospects are after that . Those are also very important as you won ’ t retain any downline if they do n't have any further downline . To show 3-5 plans , you have to QI as well , which will take further 1 or 2 evenings . You have to prospect people in Mall / Church / Mosque to add people to your ‘ List ’ . I ’ ll describe the time required later in time required to be an IBO . 2 ) 300 Personal PV . They say : Any one serious in doing the business should do 300 PV . Eat 100 , use 100 and sell 100 . Translation : You GOT to do 300 PV . Upline won ’ t care if you have sold 100 PV or not . Good luck selling these overpriced items . A friendly suggestion : use SAM , or master retailing eSpring . One eSpring every month is a must ! It will bring 270 PV and $ 200 ish retail profit if you are able to sell it at retail price . Good luck with retailing $ 900 product as well . 3 ) Have 10 customers They say : Having a customer will finance you expenses in the business . Translation : Nobody in your upline will EVER ask you if you have any customers . They will NEVER help you to find them . You are on your own . This rule was enforced just to save Amway from the IRE of law ! 4 ) Association : They say : To build this business , you have to associate with people who are building this business . This means : - A weekly open meeting where they show the plan in a hotel . Every IBO pays $ 6 CAD to attend it and bring their prospects . - QUEST : Quixtar User Education and System Training . QUEST is usually held at some core IBO , higher the better . These are local associations . Translation : Same thing is repeated over and over again from different angles , urlLink cult type mind control . Books and Tapes are promoted in both , and Products in QUEST only . To be continued . 