What is Bipolar Disorder ? Most of you who are visiting this site probably have a good idea what it is like to be bipolar or love someone who is . For those of you who just happened along by chance let me tell you about a mental disorder that is far more prevalent than you could ever imagine . Bipolar disorder also known as Manic Depression affects over 2million adults in the United States . What is more startling is that up to 3.4 million children and adolescents in the United States have this disorder . There is a good chance that you know several people who suffer with bipolar disorder and you have never noticed . That 's because once treated with the proper medication these people can go on to lead a normal life that is relatively free of symptoms . The important part is being diagnosed and receiving the correct medication , which can be the most difficult part . Bipolar disorder is not simply depression , nor is it simply the extreme , energetic highs , but a combination of the two . In children it often presents differently and for that reason is often misdiagnosed or undiagnosed . Children can begin showing signs of the disorder as early as age two . Some common signs to watch out for are : Irritable and dysphoric mood . Mood shifts throughout the day . Nightmares and night terrors . Excessive worry/anxiety Grandiose thinking , believing they can do anything , even fly . Heightened sensitivity to sensory stimuli , tags in clothes , feel of fabric , sock nubbies . Physical aggression , often without provocation . Excessively talkative , pressured speach Periods of increased energy , often accompanied by insomnia Lower frustration tolerance and impatience Deliberate destruction of property . You may be saying to yourself , my child has several of these symptoms but our doctor said he/she was ADHD . 91 % of bipolar children under the age of 12 will meet the criteria for ADHD and they could have ADHD at the same time . This is what is called a comorbid diagnosis . The difference with bipolar disorder is it is episodic in nature . Your child could be fine one minute and the next fly into a rage over the brand of orange juice you bought . Diagnoses and treatment are extremely important in children . Episodes tend to worsen in children without proper treatment . School can become a nightmare and suicide is a real possibility . When bipolar disorder is undiagnosed and treated as ADHD only the medication can cause a child to enter a manic state . I ca n't stress the importance of finding someone who will properly diagnose your child and put them on the proper medication . The National DBSA website can help you find a qualified physician in your area . 