DBSA Meeting Update I was planning to log on this morning and tell you all about the wonderful speaker meeting I attended last night , but that will not be the case . Pam Arnold , our scheduled speaker , had car trouble and was unable to make it to the meeting . I think that is the first time we have ever had a speaker cancel at the last minute . We will try to have her come again when she gets a new car . We had a great meeting even though it was without a speaker . We had some people that were relatively new to the support group . They were such a pleasure to meet . They have a foster child who is a young teen and is bipolar . Most of us know or have heard about the difficulties of raising a teenager , but to raise a bipolar teen that you did not have from day one . This wonderful couple is to be commended . We enjoyed meeting them and sharing our knowledge and experiences with them . Although we always love our children there are times when we do n't really like them . You all know the days I am talking about . When you have heard `` I hate you '' so many times you are starting to believe it . Those days when the siblings have taken so much abuse that you just want to sit down and cry with them . Sometimes those days come too often and then suddenly there appears that child you know and love . At that moment , when they are once again telling you how much they love you and how sorry they are you know it is all worthwhile . You would n't trade that child , with all those problems , for anything in the world . Those are the moments that we need to hold on to and remember . Our children can not control being bipolar anymore than they could control having cancer . If you are not bipolar and did not pass this disorder on to your child you are lucky in some ways , but out of the loop in others . I have heard from so many people that it is really hard to understand this disorder if you have n't been there . You can try to imagine , but you will probably always fall short . Just know that compassion and understanding are the most important things you can offer . Be there and be a parent , make the rules and stick by them no matter how much you want to give in . Provide that consistency that bipolar kids need so desperately . Take time to try and be a `` normal '' family . That is all any of us really want anyway , is n't it ? Enjoy the time you have with your child because like cancer , mental illness can take your child from you at anytime . Love them now , in all there beauty and ugliness , because you never want to say `` If only I would have been a better parent . '' Step up and be a better parent now . Learn about the disorder your child has and how you can help . Let them know that you accept them as they are and love them flaws and all . 