Children 's Mental Health Week May 2-8 , 2004 This week long observance was began in 1997 to promote awareness of Mental Health issues in children and adolescents . It is sponsored by the Federation of Families for Children 's Mental Health , a national , family-run organization dedicated to helping children with mental health needs and their families achieve a better quality of life . Most Mental Health problems in children and adolescents are either biological or environmental . Biological causes could be genetics , chemical imbalances , or damage to the central nervous system . Environmental factors could include exposure to high levels of lead , being a victim of or witness to violence , such as physical or sexual abuse , extreme stress caused by chronic poverty , witnessing drug abuse , or the loss of a loved one due to divorce , death , or broken relationships . On May 4th of this week we recognize Childhood Depression Awareness Day . If you were ever depressed as a child or adolescent or are a parent of such a child then you realize what a real and treatable problem childhood depression is . Make an effort on May 4th to share that information with someone who may not be aware . Someone who says `` What does a child have to be depressed about ? '' I am sure you all know someone like that . Go to your child 's school and ask their teacher to speak to the students about depression and suicide or to let you speak to them . No one wants to be a parent or teacher who realizes too late that maybe they could have made a difference . It is never too early to begin discussing suicide . Let children know they are not alone in these thoughts and there is help . There are usually definite signs and symptoms of depression in children and adolescents . They include , but are not limited to , school absences , poor school performance or a disregard for quality of lessons , loss of interest in normal activities , changes in eating or sleeping habits ; not eating or eating too much and often sleeping for long periods without feeling rested , aches and pains without physical reasons , substance abuse , withdrawal or change in peer relationships and thoughts about death or suicide . Children are at a greater risk of suffering from depression or other mental disorders if there is a family history of depression , substance abuse , or other mental disorders . Depression in children is a real and serious illness . It should not be disregarded as a `` phase that will pass , '' it is treatable once diagnosed , but it can become worse and lead to suicide if left untreated . Support from family members , peers , teachers and health care providers is important . For this to occur , awareness that Childhood Depression is a real and common illness must take place . Do n't let it be disregarded as a phase . If you are a parent , teacher , coach , or caregiver you should learn to recognize the signs and symptoms of depression . Take the time to learn about other mental disorders , such as bipolar disorder , ADHD , opositional defiant disorder and anxiety disorder . These are all treatable illnesses that affect children . Know where you can go to get the help you need . The yellow pages , mental health hotlines , your health insurance provider , and the internet are a few places to begin . Do n't let your fear of the unknown stop you from helping and possibly saving the life of a child . In addition , family members may find it helpful to join a local support group for additional assistance and support . Log on to urlLink dbsalliance.org for information on a support group in your area . 