Mary Beth Shultz of The Caring Place was our guest speaker on June 2nd . The Caring Place is a shelter that offers housing , advocacy and counseling for those who have been physically , sexually or emotionally abused . They serve Porter , Lake , and Starke counties in NW Indiana . They are also involved in training Police officers to be more sensitive to the crimes of domestic violence and sexual assault . Ms. Shultz shared some startling facts with us . 60 % of all the woman killed in the US are killed by men who tell them that they love them . 30 % of battered women have been raped by their partner . 75 % of abused women report their children have been physically or sexually abused by their batterer . Children raised in violent homes often grow up to be abused or be abusers themselves . Not all abuse is physical . Emotional abuse can involve playing `` mind games '' , making the victim think they are crazy , humiliating them , promoting feelings of guilt , isolating them from friends and family , controlling all money and transportation , and threatening them with having their children taken away . Verbal abuse can be just as devastating . Name calling and verbal threats can hurt as much or more than the physical assaults . The one thing all these forms of abuse have in common is that they are all about CONTROL . One person trying to exert their physical , mental , or emotional control over another . There are three distinct phases of abuse . Phase One : Increased tension , anger , blaming , arguing , name calling , and guilt . Phase Two : Battering , hitting , slapping , kicking , choking , use of objects or weapons , sexual assault/abuse , verbal threats and mental abuse . Phase Three : Calm stage , apologies , gifts , tears , and promises that things will change . The Caring Place is notified in each case of suspected domestic or sexual abuse . They contact the victim within 24 hours to offer support and assistance . The Caring Place will provide shelter , legal assistance , group and individual support and counseling . There is no charge for any of these services . You can stay at the caring place and they will help the victim attain a job , a new residence , and a life free of abuse . Many women stay in abusive relationships because they are afraid they ca n't make it on their own , but most women do very well once they are out of the shadow of abuse . Abusers can be anywhere . They can be professionals , white or blue collar workers from any race , ethnic background or financial bracket . The bottom line is NO ONE DESERVES TO BE ABUSED . The Caring Place can help . They wo n't tell you what to do or make decisions for you , but they will give you options and support . If you need help call the 24-hour Crisis Line . ( 219 ) 464-2128 1-800-933-0466 for any other counties in Indiana call : 1-800-332-7385 