Last night at the DBSA meeting the group had a varied discussion on hospitalization . It is not something any of us want to think about for ourselves , but is even harder when we must consider it for our children . Sometimes it is the only answer and a far better one than looking the other way . Children I know of as young as five have attempted suicide . With teens , the numbers are skyrocketing . It is not unusual for a bipolar child or teen to be hospitalized and parents should expect this and try to be prepared . I know it is not something we really want to prepare for , but if your child had cancer you would check out the hospitals to be sure your child got the best care possible . When dealing with a mental facility this is even more important . They are not all created equally . If you have health insurance , you may not have a choice of which facility to use . Be sure to call your mental health plan administrator and take notes . In a time of crisis you will probably not be able to think straight , let alone make all the calls and decisions . Some of the things to ask about if you do call or visit a unit are : How many registered nurses are on a unit . There should be more than one , and more nurses than psych technicians and aids . Ask about involuntary administration of medication , seclusion and restraints . These should only be used as a last resort or not at all . Find out how often you will be able to see and speak to your child . Often a children 's unit will only let you visit on certain days and times . They often want the child to have as little contact with the parents as possible because they feel the parent is the child 's main problem . This is extremely important if your child is very young or if they have separation issues . Find out what happens when your child is released . Is there a support group for your child and for you ? Do they offer parenting classes ? Will your child require special aftercare such as a half day program for a while ? It will never be easy to put your child in a hospital even if you think it would be a real relief for a little while . The more you know and the more prepared you are the easier it will be to deal with . Pack a bag to take with the child . Be sure to include a stuffed animal for them to sleep with . Usually with clothing they want you to send two of everything and label it all with your child 's name . Leave everything else at home . The hospital will check the bag and you will have to sign off on the contents . If the child is allowed any other items , like a favorite quilt or music , the staff will advise you and you can bring it when you visit . Be sure before you leave you know what number to call to check on your child and who you would contact with a complaint or problem . Hopefully you wo n't have any problems , but it is good to be prepared . The most important thing to remember is that you are not alone . Try to find a support group for yourself . 