Hey all , sorry about the lack of postage yesterday , I was busy with work and I did n't get back from Madtown till like 9:30 . I bought a bunch of new CD 's yesterday though . I was pretty happy about that . New obsession with a band . The Early November . I love them , you heard it here first . Early November kicks major @ $ $ ... So , let me ask you this . Ever been lonely ? And I do n't mean `` man I wish I had someone to do something with '' lonely . I mean `` down in the dumps , ca n't stop thinking about it and everytime you do you do n't want to anymore '' lonely . How did I describe that so specifically you ask ? Take a stab in the dark . I bet you 'll get it right . It would n't have to be so bad if not for the circumstances . But I guess some people do n't take that into account . Not that I am here to hold a grudge . I 'm not the bad guy here . It 's just unbelievable how somethings work out . Such is life . But I 've always been told the good times will out weigh the bad . I 'm waiting for one of those to slide my way . `` Well it could be worse . '' I do n't care . It is n't so I 'm not real worried about that part . But enough about that stuff . It 's all written to vaguely for any of you to care . Not that I expect you to . I do n't expect much out of anyone anymore . Usually you wo n't see it anyway . School will be starting soon again , I ca n't begin to describe to you the feeling of being torn the way I am about it . There 's so much negativity surrounding it . Yet at the same time I want to . Meh , whatevuh ... I fell . Into the darkness . Into the spiraling never ending abyss that is the swirl known all too well by many . The swirl consumes the light , the hope , the glimmer of anything but itself . Why ? I tumbled . Going down , knowing full well that return to the fore mentioned was entirely impossible . I never wanted this to happen . The light fades , and I long for its warmth . But I 've seen the truth . The light is cold now , relentless , unforgiving , uncaring . Why ? It knows not of my falling . How can it ? It does n't care remember ? I keep telling myself that . Why ? Wanting to go back but knowing it seems senseless for I 've accepted it now ; the fact that I ca n't return . Still I save room for hope . After all why not , I have nothing better to do anyway . Why ? The unanswered question . It may very well never be answered . I do n't want to hear that question anymore . The answer wo n't come to me any faster . Get these questions , these accursed thoughts out of my head . Drive them from my memory ... Impossible , no one cares . Not the light , not the swirling darkness , not my kin . Why ? I do n't know . Maybe the answer is `` why not ? '' This would match the newly founded characteristics of the light . Whatever the answer , it 's not good enough . Not good enough to reason my casting into this hell . I did n't deserve the abandonment , the tossing , the casting into this abyss ... Why ? 