Whats worse than two guys hanging out by themselves on a saturday night ? Two lonely guys who miss their girls . My saturday night actually was n't that bad , hung out with my good brown buddy and tossed back a few . Watched a movie that was so bad it was actually really fun to watch . Then hung out with my little bro and walked up with him and my bud to watch the fireworks from hill . The fireworks tonight looked pretty good but I got bored halfway through and started talking with my bud about how we could take a bunch of grade tens who were chilling up there with us ( yeah , I 'm not a very cool kid ) . That was all good , but talking with my bud about how things were going was not good . We pretty much just talked about how we would have much rather been with our girls and pretty much the same thing happened with him and that his girl went out with her friend and watched the fireworks . But hey , its all good , whats one night outta the whole summer anyways ? But this night was n't just any night and getting a phone call from them just twisted the knife ( good use of an uncommon expression eh , but it kinda fits ) . The bad part was the more I thought about her , the more I wished I had gone to the fireworks so I could be with her , even though the fireworks are kinda boring and I got ta work early tommorrow morning . I guess my night was okay all in all , no parents so it was kind of fun to just be casual with our drinking ( We even had the chilled glasses and everything ) . Although one of the beers I had tasted like mushed hamburger ( never drink Granval Island Lager ) , but hey , even bad beers are good as long as you drink it fast enough that you only have to taste once . Anyways , I hope they all had a good one to make up for my night , but I guess life is all about balance . Which to me means that I have to have bad nights to make the good nights seem so special . Cheers , Mick P.S Me and my bud also talked bout the state of things in the group and certain issues that are coming up , but thats all on the downlow for now , 