A great friend is the most wonderful and special thing in the world , it 's someone you can talk to about anything and feel comfortable telling anything to ( well , maybe not everything ) . It 's someone you care about and you know cares about you , someone who will stand up for you no matter what you 've done . Yep , a great friend is truely a wonderful and amazing thing to have . Unfortunetly though , the closer you are to someone , the more hurtful things they do become . A few days ago I made the stupid mistake of telling my friend is she did n't want to be somewhere why not just go do something you want to do . Sounds like a pretty harmless thing to say right ? Guess not , anyways , this said friend is pissed . Her and her other friend were in a bad mood and I thought it was because they did n't want to go somewhere were I was going , so I pretty much told them if they did n't want to go just go do whatever they want to do . Now , I 'm not really going to justify why I said this , because I did n't mean it as a personnal attack or anything remotely like that , I just figured they 'd have more fun somewhere else , plus it was my girlfriends birthday and I figured it 'd be better if the two people in a bad mood were elsewhere . Well , anyways , this friend said she was deeply hurt because it was her best friends birthday , well jeez , if it 's your best friens birthday , do n't at least pretend to have fun for her sake instead of being a funsponge . Now this is probably the first time my friends actually killed the fun out of something , normally she is the most upbeat and fun person to hang out with , but I 'm not going to lie , and this dreadful day , she was kinda sucking up the fun . Now , I 'm not going to pretend that I 've never done anything like that , she pointed out that I 've fallen alseep during movies and playing sardines . Which is a pretty good point , but you 've got ta look at the whole picture , I play a game I hate playing because I know other people like playing it , although I do n't really play it with any enthuisasm , which would make me the secretive type of fun sponge . Another thing , I work , not too many hours a week usually , but sometimes I do work a lot , and it can really wear me out , so I can get pretty tired , and not everyone gets to sleep in on weekends or weekdays , some of us work ( not my friend here though ) . When she starts working and starts spending more time working then sleeping on weekends then I 'll let her blast me all she wants to about falling asleep , until then , give it a rest , you have no idea where I 'm coming from . Now what really bothered me about her being mad , I can accept that fact that she would n't like being called a fun sponge , even if it was a onetime thing . But what really hurts is how personnal she took it and how mad she got ( `` fuck fuck fuck you '' thats pretty strong ) . Another thing she brought up also got me a little confused , she took it very personal and said how I called her and her friend a funsponge in my little blog about funsponges ( read it again , point out your name and then I 'll shut up ) . There actions inspired me to write about it , but I mainly wrote about it because of things I do and my bro ( whos an awesome guy , but can be a funsponge ) does , not about her and her friend . Now , I can totally understand her being mad about me implying she was being a funsponge , but it pisses me off when anyone , not just her in particular , blows something way out of proportion . I asked her to do what she wanted to do then wrote a blog about funsponges and all of sudden I 've `` totally just hurt [ her ] feelings '' ? Kick me because I 'm confused on this one . Now this blog has been directed at my good ( hopefully still ) friend , and normally I do n't do this , so I 'll try and put a little moral on the end of a story . Whenever your mad at someone , think about exactly what they said , not what they did n't say or what you thought they meant by something . Next , think why they might say something like that or what you were doing when they said that . Now , if you attack someone think about exactly what your saying , if it 's kinda of a sketchy argument then do n't say it , it will only make you look angry ( which you probably are so you could just stick with it ) . And finally , try and keep it as drama free as you can when dealing with guys , guys hate drama , and were not good at saying what we actually feel so it 's really hard for us to express ourselves and work through stuff . Now , for the ending of my story , I 'll phone up my good friends and sort this whole big stupid mess out and some other stuff thats been bugging me in regards to her . For everyone out there , never ever make things personnal when there not meant to be . Another thing , never say you do n't care how someone you `` care '' about feels when you say stuff . If your a good friend you should care how they feel and how they react to things . Cheers , Mick P.S What the hell does climbing a fence have to do with anything , maybe she wants a medal ... 