So , whats a funsponge ? A funsponge is anyone who sucks the fun out of something , so today for my blog I 'm going to educate you , the reader , on all the different ways you can be a funsponge and the many different types of funsponges . First I 'll tell you about the most obvious type of funspone , which I 'm going to call the no enthunsium and willingness to try things funsponge . These people decide that something is going not going to be fun and then refuse to take any part in the activity . Usually these people have n't even tried the activity or food or whatever is going on . Unfortunetly usually this said person is the sixth person in flashlight tag or sardines or whatever game or activity were playing and we kinda need them to complete the activity . Anyways , do n't knock it till ya try it , so for those funsponges try something new , who knows , you may have fun . Now for the second more secretive type of funsponges , these people would rather being doing something else but they decide to come along and join you in whatever activity your doing just because there too lazy or too stubborn to do there own thing . Because they did n't get there way they act really down and really bummed out , even passive aggressive . Now because they come along with you on your activity they can sabotage the fun if they do n't cheer up . O , and the other thing , when you point out that there pissed off or that they should just do what they want they get even more mad . So , how do we deal with these funsponges , just distance yourself from them and try and ferget they are with you until they cheer up . So , for all you secretive funsponges out there , if you 'd rather do something else then do something else , but if you chouse to come along then cheer or at least pretend to be okay with whatever is going on . I think that pretty much covers the types of funsponges , I guess there only two types that I can think of . Now I should make a little note that there are people out there who are almost like anti-funsponges , these people are so easy going and accepting of whatever is going on that they can make anything fun . I 'd say that my girl is one , and definetly KP , however , I think that all my friends are easy-going and they can all be like this , but I 've never ever seen KP do anything remotely funspongy , if thats a word , so I would say shes the anti-funsponge . I think the only bad thing about KP is that she wo n't make a decesion to save her life , and its hard to tell if she wants to do something are not , so I think one day all of my friends and myself should all hang out and do whatever KP wants to do , let her make all the decesions . Cheers , Mick 