So far this summer one of the biggest things I 've noticed is the difference between guys and girls . The first difference between guys and girls is time . Guys just seem to be able to get ready and go places in way way way less time then it takes girls . If a guy has to he can be woken up and out of the house in about five minutes , whereas girls seem to need at least an hour before there ready to go . What they do in this hour of time remains a mystery to me , I think it could have something to do with masturbation ... Just joshing . Anyways , some girls can get ready really quickly and even the slower girls have been quick sometimes . Guys are also much more effiecient shoppers then girls , which is weird because guys never go shopping and pretty much without exception we hate shopping . When I 've been shopping with girls they do n't really seem to have any idea what they want to get and just go to look at stuff ( wheres the fun in that ? ) , but as one of my good friends put it , `` all the fun in shopping is going to different stores and trying stuff on . '' To each his own I guess , cause shopping is n't fun , although the last time I went I actually enjoyed it , but thats probably because things were running smoothly and I knew what I was looking for . Anyways , I think that girls should just hire guys to shop for them , that way they 'd save time they could be using to get ready , just joshing . Another difference between guys and girls is the `` big deal '' and `` complicated '' stuff . Most people think us guys are simple creatures , which for the most part is true , however , us guys can be very complicated when we want to be and when it concerns certain issues . For example , lets say a guy wanted someone to come over , but they did n't want that person to come over unless they wanted to , that said guy would ask the girl if she wanted to come over but act like he did n't really care what happened , pretty confusing stuff eh ! For the most part everytime a guy tries to be complicated and tricky his plan backfires and he ends up feeling stupid . But for the most part guys are pretty simple , we say what we mean ( most of the time ) and usually do n't sugar coat anything ( just look at BC ) . Girls on the other hand , tend to make things complicated when they do n't have to be , they over anaylze things , try and get meaning out of meanless stuff , hold grudges agaisnt people who are trying to set things right , say they do n't care about something that bothers them , or do n't do what they want to do . Now for the big deal stuff , for the most part guys make big deals out of relationship issues and really important stuff could actually effect people , the rest of the stuff we do n't really care to much about and usually just drop things or give in during arguments or discussions ( we do n't really think your right when we do this , but we just do this because we know its no biggie ) . Girls , on the other hand , can make big deals out of anything , and when they try and argue they do n't tend to make any sense ( At least to me ) , for example , I 'll give a scenerio : Say there is a hot spoon on the table , they would pick up the spoon knowing its hot and then when they got burned they 'd get mad at the person for leaving the spoon out , JUST DON '' T PICK UP THE SPOON YDB . That little story did n't really make a lot of sense , but theres actually some weird deeper meaning and parrallels to real life events hidden in the story . Anyways , this little comparison kinda turned into a little rant so I 've kinda got ta cover my ass and say some truthful stuff that wo n't offend anyone . There are no girls I know that always make things complicated or do anything of the stuff I just said all the time , and there are some guys who take there sweet time and make things complicated when they are n't ( I should know because I make things complicated sometimes ) . So there are big exceptions to the whole comparison thing , but for the most part I think its sort of accurate . Everyone do a comparison of there own and tell me what they think the differences between guys and girls are , thanks . Cheers , Mick 